ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES

ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company operates internationally, and thus is subject to potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Approximately 32% of the Company’s consolidated net sales in fiscal 2025 were made in foreign currencies, including 15% in euro, 4% in British pound sterling, 5% in Chinese yuan, 3% in Canadian dollars, 1% in Swiss francs, and the remaining 4% in other currencies. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily from foreign exchange rate fluctuations of the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Canadian dollar, and Swiss franc as compared to the U.S. dollar as the financial position and operating results of the Company’s foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation.

Month-end exchange rates between the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Canadian dollar, Swiss franc and the U.S. dollar, which have not been weighted for actual sales volume in the applicable months in the periods, were as follows:

The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations also arises from trade receivables and intercompany payables denominated in one currency in the financial statements, but receivable or payable in another currency.

The Company does not enter into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce its exposure to foreign currency rate changes on forecasted intercompany sales transactions or on intercompany foreign currency denominated balance sheet positions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in Other non-operating (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The effect of translating net assets of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as part of Accumulated other comprehensive loss.

The effects of a hypothetical simultaneous 10% appreciation in the U.S. dollar from June 30, 2025 levels against the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Canadian dollar and Swiss francs are as follows (in thousands):
