Item 1C. Cybersecurity

We have a cross-departmental approach to addressing cybersecurity risk, including input from employees and our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors, Audit Committee, senior management and the Enterprise Risk Management Council (a taskforce comprised of senior representatives from primary corporate functions as well as senior representatives from field operations) devote significant resources to cybersecurity and risk management processes that are designed to adapt to the changing cybersecurity landscape and to respond to emerging threats in a timely and effective manner. Our cybersecurity risk management program incorporates concepts from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) framework, which organizes cybersecurity risks into six categories: govern, identify, protect, detect, respond and recover. We regularly assess the threat landscape and take a holistic view of cybersecurity risks, with a layered cybersecurity strategy based on prevention, detection and mitigation. Our information technology (“IT”) security team reviews enterprise risk management-level cybersecurity risks annually, and key cybersecurity risks are incorporated into the Enterprise Risk Management Council’s framework. In addition, we have a set of Company-wide policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters, which include an IT security manual as well as other policies that directly or indirectly relate to cybersecurity, such as policies related to encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multifactor authentication, confidential information and the use of the internet, social media, email and wireless devices. In the event we identify a cybersecurity incident, we have defined procedures to respond to and attempt to remediate such incident. These policies and procedures go through an internal review process and are approved by appropriate members of management.

Our vice president (“VP”) of IT is responsible for developing and implementing our information security program and reporting on cybersecurity matters to the Board of Directors. Our VP of IT has over a decade of experience leading cyber security oversight, and others on our IT security team have cybersecurity experience or certifications, such as the Certified Information Systems Security Professional certification. We view cybersecurity as a shared responsibility, and we periodically perform simulations and tabletop exercises at a management level and incorporate external resources and advisors as needed. All employees are required to complete cybersecurity trainings at least once every three years and have access to more frequent cybersecurity trainings through online trainings. We also require employees in certain roles to complete additional role-based, specialized cybersecurity trainings.

We have continued to expand investments in IT security to attempt to mitigate cybersecurity risks, including additional end-user training, using layered defenses, identifying and protecting critical assets, strengthening monitoring and alerting, using AI for automated threat detection and response, as well as engaging experts. We regularly test defenses by performing simulations and drills at both a technical level (including through penetration tests) and by reviewing our operational policies and procedures with third-party experts. At the management level, our IT security team regularly monitors alerts and meets to discuss threat levels, trends and remediation. The team also prepares a monthly cyber scorecard, regularly collects data on cybersecurity threats and risk areas and conducts an annual risk assessment. Further, we conduct periodic external penetration tests, red team testing and maturity testing to assess our processes and procedures and the threat landscape. These tests and assessments are useful tools for maintaining a robust cybersecurity program that is designed to protect our investors, customers, employees, vendors, and intellectual property. In addition to assessing our own cybersecurity preparedness, we also consider and evaluate cybersecurity risks associated with use of third-party service providers. Our Internal Audit team conducts an annual review of third-party hosted applications with a specific focus on any sensitive data shared with third parties. The internal business owners of the hosted applications are required to document user access reviews at least annually and request from the vendor a System and Organization Controls (SOC) 1 or SOC 2 report. If a third-party vendor is not able to provide a SOC 1 or SOC 2 report, we take additional steps to assess their cybersecurity preparedness and assess our relationship on that basis. Our assessment of risks associated with use of third-party providers is part of our overall cybersecurity risk management framework.

The Audit Committee and the full Board of Directors actively participate in discussions with management and amongst themselves regarding cybersecurity risks. The Audit Committee performs an annual review of the Company’s cybersecurity program, which includes discussion of management’s actions to identify and detect threats, as well as planned actions in the event of a response or recovery situation. The Audit Committee’s annual review also includes review of recent enhancements to the Company’s defenses and management’s progress on its cybersecurity strategic roadmap. In addition, the Board of Directors receives quarterly cybersecurity reports, which include a review of key performance indicators, test results and related remediation, and recent threats and how the Company is managing those threats. Further, at least annually, the Board of Directors receives updates on the Company’s Crisis Management Plan, which covers, among other things, potential cybersecurity incidents, data privacy and its compliance programs. To aid the Board of Directors with its cybersecurity and data privacy oversight responsibilities, the Board of Directors periodically hosts experts for presentations on these topics. For example, in 2025, the Board of Directors hosted an expert to discuss developments in the cybersecurity threat landscape and current cybersecurity trends across industries.

We face a number of cybersecurity risks in connection with our business. Although such risks have not materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, to date, we have, from time to time, experienced threats to and breaches of our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks. For more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, and how, if realized, those risks are reasonably likely to materially affect us, see the risk factor entitled “ Our financial performance and our reputation could be adversely affected, and we could be subject to legal liability or regulatory enforcement actions, if we are unable to protect against, or effectively respond to, cyberattacks or other cyber incidents ” in Item 1A- Risk Factors.
