Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to potential fluctuations in earnings, cash flows, and the fair values of certain of our assets and liabilities due to changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To manage the risk from these exposures, we enter into a variety of derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivatives or financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

The following discussion describes our specific exposures and the strategies we use to manage these risks. Refer to Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Practices” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a discussion of our accounting policies for financial instruments and derivatives.

Foreign Exchange Risk

We are subject to foreign exchange rate risk. Our primary exposures include exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro, the British pound, the Canadian dollar, the Australian dollar, the Indian rupee, and the Japanese yen. We use over-the-counter options and forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency risk to our financial statements.

Additionally, some of our non-U.S. subsidiaries receive revenue in currencies that differ from their functional currencies. Most significantly, our U.K. subsidiaries earn a portion of their revenue in U.S. dollars, euro, and Japanese yen, but most of their expenses are incurred in British pounds. We generally hedge up to 45% of our U.K. subsidiaries’ expected exposures to transactions denominated in U.S. dollar, euro, and Japanese yen. We generally do not hedge exposures beyond two years.

We also use forward and option contracts to economically hedge foreign exchange risk associated with monetary balance sheet exposures, such as intercompany notes and current assets and liabilities that are denominated in a non-functional currency and are subject to remeasurement.

The translated value of revenues and expenses from our international brokerage operations are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. A strengthening U.S. dollar has an adverse impact on our Net income attributable to shareholders, which are reported in U.S. dollars in our Consolidated Financial Statements. If we were to hypothetically translate prior year results at current year exchange rates, diluted earnings per share would have an unfavorable $0.03 comparable impact during the year ended December 31, 2025. Further, adjusted diluted earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure as defined and reconciled under the caption “Review of Consolidated Results — Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share,” would have an unfavorable $0.01 comparable impact during the year ended December 31, 2025 if we were to hypothetically translate prior year results at current year exchange rates.

Interest Rate Risk

Our fiduciary investment income is affected by changes in international and domestic short-term interest rates. We monitor our net exposure to short-term interest rates and, as appropriate, hedge our exposure with various derivative financial instruments. This activity primarily relates to brokerage funds held on behalf of clients in the U.S. and in continental Europe. A decrease in global short-term interest rates adversely affects our fiduciary investment income. A hypothetical, instantaneous parallel decrease in the year-end yield curve of 100 BPS would cause a decrease, net of derivative positions, of $77 million to each of 2026 and 2027 pretax income. A corresponding increase in the year-end yield curve of 100 BPS would cause an increase, net of derivative positions, of $77 million to each of 2026 and 2027 pre-tax income.

We have long-term debt outstanding, excluding the current portion, with a fair market value of $14.2 billion and $15.3 billion as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was less than the carrying value by $502 million at December 31, 2025, and $957 million less than the carrying value at December 31, 2024. A hypothetical 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would change the fair value by a decrease of 7% or an increase of 8%, respectively, at December 31, 2025.

We have selected hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity market prices to illustrate the possible impact of these changes; we are not predicting market events.
