Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

K44

Report of Management

February 9, 2026

To the Stockholders

Norfolk Southern Corporation:

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. In order to ensure that Norfolk Southern’s internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses such controls and did so most recently as of December 31, 2025. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025.

KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements and issued an opinion on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025.

K45

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

Norfolk Southern Corporation:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Norfolk Southern Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in stockholders’ equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts as listed in Item 15(A)2 (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

K46

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Sufficiency of audit evidence related to the capitalization of property expenditures

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, expenditures that extend an asset’s useful life or increase its utility are capitalized. The Company has recorded $36,479 million in net book value of properties at December 31, 2025 and has recorded $2,204 million in property additions for the year ended December 31, 2025. Expenditures capitalized include those that are directly related to a capital project and may include materials, labor and other direct costs, in addition to an allocable portion of indirect costs that relate to a capital project. A significant portion of the Company’s annual capital spending relates to self-constructed assets. Costs related to repair and maintenance activities, that in the Company’s judgment, do not extend an asset’s useful life or increase its utility are expensed when such repairs are performed.

We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence related to capitalization of property expenditures as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required in determining procedures and evaluating audit results related to the capitalization of purchased services and compensation due to their usage for both self-constructed assets and repairs and maintenance.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over capitalized property expenditures. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s process to capitalize property expenditures, including controls over the determination of whether purchased services and compensation expenditures extend an asset’s useful life or increase its utility. For a sample of property additions expenditures, we inquired and inspected support to evaluate that the expenditure extended an asset’s useful life or increased its utility. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of the procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature of such evidence.

K47

/s/ KPMG LLP

KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1982.

Atlanta, Georgia

February 9, 2026

K48

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

K49

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

K50

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

K51

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

K52

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

K53

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following Notes are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business and Operating Segments

Norfolk Southern Corporation is a Georgia-based holding company engaged principally in the rail transportation business, operating 19,100 route miles primarily in the Southeast, East, and Midwest. These consolidated financial statements include Norfolk Southern and its majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries (collectively, NS, we, us, and our). Norfolk Southern’s major subsidiary is NSR. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

On July 28, 2025, we entered into a Merger Agreement with Union Pacific, discussed further in Note 2.

NSR and its railroad subsidiaries transport raw materials, intermediate products, and finished goods classified in the following commodity groups (percent of total railway operating revenues in 2025): intermodal ( 25 %); agriculture, forest and consumer products ( 21 %); chemicals ( 18 %); metals and construction ( 14 %); coal ( 12 %); and automotive ( 10 %). Although most of our customers are domestic, ultimate points of origination or destination for some of the products transported (particularly coal bound for export and some intermodal shipments) may be outside the U.S. Approximately 80 % of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions.

We manage our company as one reportable operating segment, railway operations, providing rail transportation to customers. We define our operating segment based on the way in which internally reported financial information is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, our chief executive officer, to analyze financial performance and allocate resources. Although we provide and analyze revenues by commodity group, the overall financial and operational performance of the railroad is analyzed as one operating segment due to the nature of our integrated rail network. Financial information and annual operating budgets and forecasts are prepared and reviewed by the chief operating decision maker at a consolidated level, making operational decisions to maximize consolidated financial results. The accounting policies of our railway operations segment are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies herein.

The chief operating decision maker assesses the performance of the railway operations segment and decides how to allocate resources based on “Net income” that is reported on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Net income is used to monitor budget versus actual results of the organization. Our consolidated financial results are used in assessing the performance of the segment and in establishing management’s compensation. The measure of segment assets is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as “Total assets.” The chief operating decision maker uses net income generated from our railroad operations in determining capital allocations decisions, such as whether to reinvest profits into the rail network or into other parts of the entity or utilize them for other purposes, including paying dividends or repurchasing Common Stock.

K54

Railway operations segment revenue, expenses, and profit and loss are disclosed below as reviewed and used by the chief operating decision maker. There are no other significant segment items or reconciling items to segment profit.

Total equity method investments are disclosed in Note 8 “Investments,” and total expenditures for long-lived assets are disclosed as “Property additions” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We periodically review our estimates, including those related to the recoverability and useful lives of assets, as well as liabilities for litigation, environmental remediation, casualty claims, income taxes and pension and other postretirement benefits. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates.

K55

Revenue Recognition

Transportation revenues are recognized proportionally as a shipment moves from origin to destination, and related expenses are recognized as incurred. Certain of our contract refunds (which are primarily volume-based incentives) are recorded as a reduction to revenues on the basis of our best estimate of projected liability, which is based on historical activity, current shipment counts and expectation of future activity. Certain ancillary services, such as switching, demurrage and other incidental activities, may be provided to customers under their transportation contracts. The revenues associated with these distinct performance obligations are recognized when the services are performed or as contractual obligations are met.

Cash Equivalents

“Cash equivalents” are highly liquid investments purchased three months or less from maturity.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

Our allowance for doubtful accounts was $ 7 million and $ 8 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. To determine our allowance for doubtful accounts, we evaluate historical loss experience (which has not been significant), the characteristics of current accounts, and general economic conditions and trends.

Materials and Supplies

“Materials and supplies,” consisting mainly of items for maintenance of property and equipment, are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value. The cost of materials and supplies expected to be used in property additions or improvements is included in “Properties.”

Investments

Investments in entities over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence but do not control the entity are accounted for using the equity method, whereby the investment is carried at the cost of the acquisition plus our equity in undistributed earnings or losses since acquisition.

Properties

“Properties” are stated principally at cost and are depreciated using the group method whereby assets with similar characteristics, use, and expected lives are grouped together in asset classes and depreciated using a composite depreciation rate. This methodology treats each asset class as a pool of resources, not as singular items. We use approximately 75 depreciable asset classes.

Depreciation expense is based on our assumptions concerning expected service lives of our properties as well as the expected net salvage that will be received upon their retirement. In developing these assumptions, we utilize periodic depreciation studies that are performed by an independent outside firm of consulting engineers and approved by the STB. Our depreciation studies are conducted about every three years for equipment and every six years for track assets and other roadway property. The frequency of these studies is consistent with guidelines established by the STB. We adjust our rates based on the results of these studies and implement the changes prospectively. The studies may also indicate that the recorded amount of accumulated depreciation is deficient (or in excess) of the amount indicated by the study. Any such deficiency (or excess) is amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the remaining service lives of the affected class of property, as determined by the study.

Key factors that are considered in developing average service life and salvage estimates include:

• statistical analysis of historical retirement data and surviving asset records,

• review of historical salvage received and current market rates,

K56

• review of our operations including expected changes in technology, customer demand, maintenance practices and asset management strategies,

• review of accounting policies and assumptions, and

• industry review and analysis.

The composite depreciation rate for rail in high density corridors is derived based on consideration of annual gross tons as compared to the total or ultimate capacity of rail in these corridors. Our experience has shown that traffic density is a leading factor in the determination of the expected service life of rail in high density corridors. In developing the respective depreciation rate, consideration is also given to several rail characteristics including age, weight, condition (new or second-hand), and type (curved or straight).

We capitalize interest on major projects during the period of their construction. Expenditures, including those on leased assets, that extend an asset’s useful life or increase its utility are capitalized. Expenditures capitalized include those that are directly related to a capital project and may include materials, labor, and other direct costs, in addition to an allocable portion of indirect costs that relate to a capital project. A significant portion of our annual capital spending relates to self-constructed assets. Removal activities occur in conjunction with replacement and are estimated based on the average percentage of time employees replacing assets spend on removal functions. Costs related to repairs and maintenance activities that, in our judgment, do not extend an asset’s useful life or increase its utility are expensed when such repairs are performed.

When depreciable operating road and equipment assets are sold or retired in the ordinary course of business, the cost of the assets, net of sales proceeds or salvage, is charged to accumulated depreciation, and no gain or loss is recognized in earnings. Actual historical cost values are retired when available, such as with most equipment assets. The use of estimates in recording the retirement of certain roadway assets is necessary based on the impracticality of tracking individual asset costs. When retiring rail, ties, and ballast, we use statistical curves that indicate the relative distribution of the age of the assets retired. The historical cost of other roadway assets is estimated using a combination of inflation indices specific to the rail industry and those published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The indices are applied to the replacement value based on the age of the retired assets. These indices are used because they closely correlate with the costs of roadway assets. Gains and losses on disposal of operating land are included in “Materials and other” expenses. Gains and losses on disposal of non-operating land and non-rail assets are included in “Other income – net” since such income is not a product of our railroad operations.

A retirement is considered abnormal if it does not occur in the ordinary course of business, if it relates to disposition of a large segment of an asset class, and if the retirement varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies, which inherently consider the impact of normal retirements on expected service lives and depreciation rates. Gains or losses from abnormal retirements are recognized in income from railway operations.

We review the carrying amount of properties whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying amount may not be recoverable based on future undiscounted cash flows. Assets that are deemed impaired as a result of such review are recorded at the lower of carrying amount or fair value.

New Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-09, “ Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. ” This update requires additional disclosures including greater disaggregation of information in the reconciliation of the statutory rate to the effective rate and income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We adopted the ASU on January 1, 2025 and incorporated the required disclosures in Note 6.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “ Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40). ” This update requires an entity to disclose specific

K57

information about certain costs and expenses in the notes to its financial statements for interim and annual reporting periods. Entities are required to provide disaggregated information about expenses to help investors better understand performance, better assess prospects for future cash flows, and compare performance over time and with that of other entities. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. We will not early adopt the standard and are currently evaluating the impact of this amendment on our disclosures.

In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, “ Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software .” This update revises the recognition guidance for internal-use software by eliminating the previous model based on software development stages and introducing a principles-based approach. Under the new guidance, capitalization begins when management has authorized and committed to funding the project, and it is probable that the software will be completed and used for its intended purpose. The ASU is effective for interim periods and fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. We will not early adopt the standard and are currently evaluating the impact.

2. Merger Agreement

On July 28, 2025, we entered into a Merger Agreement with Union Pacific Corporation, Merger Sub 1, and Merger Sub 2. The Merger Agreement provides that Union Pacific will acquire the Company in a stock-and-cash transaction whereby (a) Merger Sub 1 will be merged with and into the Company (the “First Merger”), with the Company surviving the First Merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Union Pacific, and (b) immediately following the First Merger, the Company will be merged with and into Merger Sub 2 (the “Second Merger” and together with the First Merger, the “Mergers”), with Merger Sub 2 surviving the Second Merger as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Union Pacific.

At the effective time of the First Merger, each share of Common Stock, par value $ 1.00 per share, of the Company, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the First Merger, subject to certain exclusions set forth in the Merger Agreement, will be converted into the right to receive one share of common stock, par value $ 2.50 per share, of Union Pacific, and $ 88.82 in cash without interest.

The consummation of the Mergers is subject to certain conditions, including approval by the STB. Approval from the shareholders of each company was obtained on November 14, 2025. Additionally, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under specific circumstances, either we or Union Pacific are required to pay a termination fee of $ 2.5 billion.

The full text of the Merger Agreement can be found as Exhibit 2.1 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2025.

During 2025, we incurred $ 80 million in expenses related to or resulting from the proposed transaction. These costs, which include costs associated with employee retention agreements, fees to third-party advisors, and expenses for legal services, are recorded in “Merger-related expenses” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

K58

3. Railway Operating Revenues

We recognize the amount of revenues to which we expect to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. A performance obligation is created when a customer under a transportation contract or public tariff submits a bill of lading to us for the transport of goods. These performance obligations are satisfied as the shipments move from origin to destination. As such, transportation revenues are recognized proportionally as a shipment moves, and related expenses are recognized as incurred. These performance obligations are generally short-term in nature with transit days averaging approximately one week or less for each commodity group. The customer has an unconditional obligation to pay for the service once the service has been completed. Estimated revenues associated with in-process shipments at period-end are recorded based on the estimated percentage of service completed. We had no material remaining performance obligations at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

We may provide customers ancillary services, such as switching, demurrage, and other incidental activities, under their transportation contracts. The revenues associated with these distinct performance obligations are recognized when the services are performed or as contractual obligations are met. These revenues are included within each of the commodity groups and represent approximately 5 %, 4 %, and 5 %, respectively, of total “Railway operating revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Revenues related to interline transportation services that involve another railroad are reported on a net basis. Therefore, the portion of the amount that relates to another party is not reflected in revenues.

Under the typical terms of our freight contracts, payment for services is due within fifteen days of billing the customer, thus there are no significant financing components. “Accounts receivable – net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets includes both customer and non-customer receivables as follows:

Non-customer receivables include non-revenue-related amounts due from other railroads, governmental entities, insurers, and others. We do not have any material contract assets or liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

K59

4. Restructuring and Other Charges

Restructuring and other charges in 2025 includes expenses associated with the restructuring of certain technology functions, including severance costs for impacted employees, and the rationalization of certain software development projects that had not been placed into service. Restructuring and other charges in 2024 includes expenses associated with our voluntary and involuntary separation programs that reduced our management workforce, expenses associated with the rationalization of certain software development projects that had not been placed into service, costs associated with the appointment of our new chief operating officer, and the disposition of an asset class. We incurred expenses of $ 22 million and $ 183 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively.

5. Other Income – Net

6. Income Taxes

We recorded a $ 50 million discrete benefit in 2025 resulting from the resolution of a state tax matter and recorded a $ 27 million deferred income tax benefit in 2024 as a result of a subsidiary restructuring. Both amounts are presented net of federal effects.

On July 4, 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law. The OBBBA makes permanent or introduces certain changes to the Internal Revenue Code, including 100% bonus depreciation, the deductibility of business interest expense, and expensing of domestic research costs. FASB ASC 740 “ Income Taxes ” requires that the effect of changes in tax rates and laws be recognized in the period in which the legislation is enacted. The impact of this change is primarily a reclassification from current to deferred taxes.

K60

Reconciliation of Statutory Rate to Effective Rate

“Income taxes” on the Consolidated Statements of Income differs from the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal corporate tax rate as follows:

*State taxes in Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Indiana made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.

Income Taxes Paid

Income taxes paid, net of refunds, for 2024 and 2023 were $ 305 million and $ 681 million, respectively.

K61

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

Certain items are reported in different periods for financial reporting and income tax purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded in recognition of these differences. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

Except for amounts for which a valuation allowance has been provided, we believe that it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance at the end of each year primarily relates to subsidiary state income tax net operating losses and state investment tax credits that may not be utilized prior to their expiration. The total valuation allowance increased by $ 3 million in 2025, increased by $ 11 million in 2024, and decreased by $ 10 million in 2023.

Uncertain Tax Positions

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2025 are potential benefits of $ 30 million that would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. Unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted in the period in which new information about a tax position becomes available or the final outcome differs from the amount recorded.

K62

The statute of limitations on Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examinations has expired for all years prior to 2020. The IRS audits of our consolidated federal income tax returns for 2019 through 2021 are being finalized. State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to four years after the return. In addition, we are generally obligated to report changes in taxable income arising from federal income tax examinations to the states within a period of up to two years from the date the federal examination is final. We have various state income tax returns either under examination, administrative appeal, or litigation.

7. Fair Value Measurements

FASB ASC 820-10, “ Fair Value Measurements, ” established a framework for measuring fair value and a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels, as follows:

The asset or liability’s fair value measurement level within the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

Fair Values of Financial Instruments

The fair values of “Cash and cash equivalents,” “Accounts receivable – net,” and “Accounts payable,” approximate carrying values because of the short maturity of these financial instruments. The carrying value of COLI is recorded at cash surrender value and, accordingly, approximates fair value. There are no other assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2025 or 2024. The carrying amounts and estimated fair values, based on Level 1 inputs, of long-term debt consist of the following at December 31:

K63

8. Investments

We had no borrowings against our COLI policies at December 31, 2025, while we had $ 605 million of borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2024. Repayments of borrowings in 2025 are included in “Investment purchases,” and borrowings in 2024 are included in “Investment sales and other transactions” within investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Investment in Conrail

Through a limited liability company, we and CSX jointly own Conrail, whose primary subsidiary is CRC. We have a 58 % economic and 50 % voting interest in the jointly-owned entity, and CSX has the remainder of the economic and voting interests. We are amortizing the excess of the purchase price over Conrail’s net equity using the principles of purchase accounting, based primarily on the estimated useful lives of Conrail’s depreciable property and equipment, including the related deferred tax effect of the differences in book and tax accounting bases for such assets, as all of the purchase price at acquisition was allocable to Conrail’s tangible assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2025, our investment in Conrail exceeds our share of Conrail’s underlying net equity by $ 463 million.

CRC owns and operates certain properties (the Shared Assets Areas) for the joint and exclusive benefit of NSR and CSX Transportation, Inc. (CSXT). The costs of operating the Shared Assets Areas are borne by NSR and CSXT based on usage. In addition, NSR and CSXT pay CRC a fee for access to the Shared Assets Areas. “Purchased services and rents” and “Fuel” include expenses payable to CRC for operation of the Shared Assets Areas totaling $ 189 million in 2025, $ 198 million in 2024, and $ 164 million in 2023. Future payments for access fees due to CRC under the Shared Assets Areas agreements are as follows: $ 54 million in each of 2026 through 2028 and $ 23 million in 2029. We provide certain general and administrative support functions to Conrail, the fees for which are billed in accordance with several service-provider arrangements and approximate $ 7 million annually.

“Accounts payable” includes $ 297 million at December 31, 2025, and $ 243 million at December 31, 2024, due to Conrail for the operation of the Shared Assets Areas. “Other liabilities” includes $ 534 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, for long-term advances from Conrail, maturing in 2050 that bear interest at an average rate of 1.31 %.

Our equity in Conrail’s earnings, net of amortization, was $ 75 million for 2025, $ 89 million for 2024, and $ 70 million for 2023. These amounts partially offset the costs of operating the Shared Assets Areas and are included in “Purchased services and rents.” Equity in Conrail’s earnings is included in “Other – net” within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

K64

Investment in TTX

We and six other North American railroads collectively own TTX Company (TTX), a railcar pooling company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive, and general use railcars at stated rates. We have a 19.78 % ownership interest in TTX.

Expenses incurred for use of TTX equipment are included in “Purchased services and rents.” This amounted to $ 316 million, $ 295 million, and $ 274 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Our equity in TTX’s earnings partially offsets these costs and totaled $ 43 million for 2025, $ 48 million for 2024, and $ 47 million for 2023. Equity in TTX’s earnings is included in “Other – net” within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

9. Properties

K65

(1) Composite annual depreciation rate for the underlying assets, excluding the effects of the amortization of any deficiency (or excess) that resulted from our depreciation studies.

Gains from operating property sales, inclusive of the railway line sales, amounted to $ 253 million, $ 490 million, and $ 43 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. “Other current assets” includes $ 185 million pertaining to sales of property in 2025 in which the cash proceeds will be received in 2026.

Acquisition of Assets of Cincinnati Southern Railway

On March 15, 2024, we completed the acquisition of a 337 mile railway line that extends from Cincinnati, Ohio to Chattanooga, Tennessee from the CSR for $ 1.7 billion. We previously operated this line subject to an operating lease agreement, which was terminated upon the close of the transaction. Lease expense associated with the prior operating lease agreement totaled $ 5 million and $ 26 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired in the transaction. The asset purchase is reflected in “Properties less accumulated depreciation” on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and is distinctly identified in the “Cash flows from investing activities” section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Sales of Railway Lines

On September 5, 2024, we consummated a transaction with the VPRA to sell a railway line (“Manassas Line”) to support the expansion of passenger rail service in the Commonwealth of Virginia. The total purchase price to be paid by the VPRA is $ 357 million and we received $ 315 million in cash proceeds at closing. The remainder of the proceeds are expected to be received by the end of 2027. The total gain recognized as a result of the transaction was $ 323 million. Additionally, the VPRA also agreed to exchange a railway line (“V-Line”) in consideration for the

K66

land and above ground assets described as the “Seminary Passage.” This transaction closed in November 2024 and the gain recognized as a result of the transaction was $ 53 million.

On September 6, 2024, we consummated an agreement with the City of Charlotte to sell a railway line between Charlotte and Mecklenburg County, NC in exchange for $ 74 million. The cash proceeds from the transaction were received at closing and the transaction resulted in a gain of $ 57 million.

The gains from these transactions are reflected in “Gains and losses on properties” and cash proceeds are included in “Property sales and other transactions” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Capitalized Interest

Total interest cost incurred on debt was $ 821 million, $ 833 million, and $ 743 million during 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, of which $ 29 million, $ 26 million, and $ 21 million was capitalized during 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

10. Current Liabilities

K67

11. Debt

Debt maturities are presented below:

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, we are subject to certain restrictions on incurring additional indebtedness.

In May 2025, we issued $ 400 million of 5.10 % senior notes due 2035.

In May 2025, we renewed our accounts receivable securitization program with a maximum borrowing capacity of $ 400 million. Amounts under our accounts receivable securitization program are borrowed and repaid from time to time in the ordinary course for general corporate and cash management purposes. The term of our accounts receivable securitization program expires in May 2026. Amounts received under this facility are accounted for as borrowings. We had no amounts outstanding under this program and our available borrowing capacity was approximately $ 397 million and $ 400 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Our accounts receivable securitization program was supported by $ 735 million and $ 790 million in receivables at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which are included in “Accounts receivable – net.”

In June 2024, we entered into an agreement that provides us the ability to issue up to $ 800 million of unsecured commercial paper and is backed by our credit agreement. The unsecured short-term commercial paper program provides for borrowing at prevailing rates and includes covenants. At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had no outstanding commercial paper.

K68

Credit Agreement and Debt Covenants

In January 2024, we renewed and amended our $ 800 million credit agreement. The amended agreement expires in January 2029, and provides for borrowings at prevailing rates and includes covenants. We had no amounts outstanding under this facility at either December 31, 2025 or December 31, 2024, and we are in compliance with all of its covenants.

12. Leases

We are committed under long-term lease agreements for equipment, lines of road, and other property. We combine lease and non-lease components for new and reassessed leases. Some of these agreements are variable lease agreements that include usage-based payments. These agreements contain payment provisions that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the lease commencement date. Our long-term lease agreements do not contain any material restrictive covenants.

Our equipment leases have remaining terms of less than 1 year to 7 years and our lines of road and land leases have remaining terms of less than 1 year to 132 years. Some of these leases include options to extend the leases for up to 99 years and some include options to terminate the leases within 30 days. In instances when we are not reasonably certain to exercise these renewal options, the options are not considered in determining the lease term, and associated payments are excluded from future minimum lease payments.

Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. We recognize lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Operating lease amounts included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows:

The components of total lease expense, primarily included in “Purchased services and rents,” are as follows:

K69

In March 2019, we entered into a non-cancellable lease for an office building. In 2021, the construction of the office building was completed, and the lease commenced. The initial lease term is five years with options to renew, purchase, or sell the office building at the end of the lease term. The lease contains a residual value guarantee of up to eighty-three percent of the total construction cost of $ 499 million.

Other information related to operating leases is as follows:

As the rates implicit in most of our leases are not readily determinable, we use a collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. We use the portfolio approach and group leases into short-, medium-, and long-term categories, applying the corresponding incremental borrowing rates to these categories.

During 2025 and 2024, respectively, ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were $ 22 million and $ 21 million, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was $ 92 million and $ 102 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively, and is included in operating cash flows.

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

K70

13. Other Liabilities

14. Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits

We have both funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees. We also provide specified health care benefits to eligible retired employees; these plans can be amended or terminated at our option. Under our self-insured retiree health care plan, for those participants who are not Medicare-eligible, certain health care expenses are covered for retired employees and their dependents, reduced by any deductibles, coinsurance, and, in some cases, coverage provided under other group insurance policies. Eligible retired participants and their spouses who are Medicare-eligible are not covered under the self-insured retiree health care plan, but instead are provided with an employer-funded health reimbursement account which can be used for reimbursement of health insurance premiums or eligible out-of-pocket medical expenses.

K71

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Obligations and Plan Assets

Our accumulated benefit obligation for our defined benefit pension plans is $ 1.9 billion at both December 31, 2025 and 2024. Our unfunded pension plans, included above, which in all cases have no assets, had projected benefit obligations of $ 277 million and $ 273 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and had accumulated benefit obligations of $ 265 million and $ 256 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

K72

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Cost Components

The service cost component of defined benefit pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost are reported within “Compensation and benefits” and all other components are presented in “Other income – net” on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

During 2024, we commenced voluntary and involuntary separation programs to reduce our nonagreement workforce. Through these programs, approximately 350 employees were separated from service by May 2024. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 715, “ Compensation-Retirement Benefits ,” we evaluated whether a curtailment of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans had occurred. While the reduction in our workforce did not result in a curtailment to our pension benefit plans, a curtailment to our other postretirement benefit plan did occur as the future years of service of plan participants were reduced in excess of 10 %. As a result, we recognized a curtailment gain of $ 20 million in 2024 for the impacted portion of the prior service benefit previously recorded within “Accumulated other comprehensive loss.”

K73

Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income

Net gains arising during the year for pension benefits were due primarily to higher actual returns on plan assets offset partially by a decrease in discount rates. Net losses arising during the year for other postretirement benefits were due primarily to a decrease in discount rates.

The estimated net losses and prior service credits for the pension plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic cost over the next year are $ 17 million. The estimated prior service benefit and net gains for the other postretirement benefit plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit over the next year is $ 23 million.

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Assumptions

Costs for pension and other postretirement benefits are determined based on actuarial valuations that reflect appropriate assumptions as of the measurement date, ordinarily the beginning of each year. The funded status of the plans is determined using appropriate assumptions as of each year end. A summary of the major assumptions follows:

K74

To determine the discount rates used to measure our benefit obligations, we utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and other postretirement benefit plans were matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We use the results of the yield curve analyses to select the discount rates that match the payment streams of the benefits in these plans.

We use a spot rate approach to estimate the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.

Health Care Cost Trend Assumptions

For measurement purposes at December 31, 2025, increases in the per capita cost of pre-Medicare covered health care benefits were assumed to be 6.5 % for 2026. We assume the rate will ratably decrease to an ultimate rate of 5.0 % for 2034 and remain at that level thereafter.

Asset Management

Eight investment firms manage our defined benefit pension plan’s assets under investment guidelines approved by our Benefits Investment Committee that is composed of members of our management. Investments are restricted to domestic and international equity securities, domestic and international fixed income securities, and unleveraged exchange-traded options and financial futures. Limitations restrict investment concentration and use of certain derivative investments. The target asset allocation for equity is 75 % of the pension plan’s assets. Fixed income investments must consist predominantly of securities rated investment grade or higher. Equity investments must be in liquid securities listed on national exchanges. No investment is permitted in our securities (except through commingled pension trust funds).

Our pension plan’s weighted-average asset allocations, by asset category, were as follows:

The other postretirement benefit plan assets consist primarily of trust-owned variable life insurance policies with an asset allocation at December 31, 2025 and at December 31, 2024 of 65 % in equity securities and 35 % in debt securities. The target asset allocation for equity is between 50 % and 65 % of the plan’s assets.

The plans’ assumed future returns are based principally on the asset allocations and historical returns for the plans’ asset classes determined from both actual plan returns and, over longer time periods, expected market returns for those asset classes. For 2026, we assume an 8.00 % return on pension plan assets.

K75

Fair Value of Plan Assets

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for pension plan assets measured at fair value.

Common stock: Shares held by the plan at year end are valued at the official closing price as defined by the exchange or at the most recent trade price of the security at the close of the active market.

Common collective trusts: The readily determinable fair value is based on the published fair value per unit of the trusts. The common collective trusts hold equity securities, fixed income securities and cash and cash equivalents.

Fixed income securities: Valued based on quotes received from independent pricing services or at an estimated price at which a dealer would pay for the security at year end using observable market-based inputs.

Commingled funds: The readily determinable fair value is based on the published fair value per unit of the funds. The commingled funds hold equity securities.

Cash and cash equivalents: Short-term Treasury bills or notes are valued at an estimated price at which a dealer would pay for the security at year end using observable market-based inputs; money market funds are valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the funds are traded.

The following table sets forth the pension plan’s assets by valuation technique level, within the fair value hierarchy. There were no level 3 valued assets at December 31, 2025 or 2024.

K76

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for other postretirement benefit plan assets measured at fair value.

Trust-owned life insurance: Valued at our interest in trust-owned life insurance issued by a major insurance company. The underlying investments owned by the insurance company consist of a U.S. stock account and a U.S. bond account but may retain cash at times as well. The U.S. stock account and U.S. bond account are valued based on readily determinable fair values.

The other postretirement benefit plan assets consisted of trust-owned life insurance with fair values of $ 156 million and $ 145 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are valued under level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. There were no level 1 or level 3 valued assets.

Contributions and Estimated Future Benefit Payments

In 2026, we expect to contribute approximately $ 23 million to our unfunded pension plans for payments to pensioners and approximately $ 34 million to our other postretirement benefit plans for retiree health and death benefits. We do not expect to contribute to our funded pension plan in 2026.

Benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid as follows:

K77

Other Postretirement Coverage

Under collective bargaining agreements, Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries participate in a multi-employer benefit plan, which provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible craft employees. Premiums under this plan are expensed as incurred and totaled $ 6 million, $ 9 million, and $ 11 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Section 401(k) Plans

Norfolk Southern and certain subsidiaries provide Section 401(k) savings plans for employees. Under the plans, we match a portion of employee contributions, subject to applicable limitations. Our matching contributions, recorded as an expense, totaled $ 26 million in 2025, and $ 25 million in both 2024 and 2023.

15. Stock-Based Compensation

Under the stockholder-approved LTIP, the Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee (Committee), which is made up of nonemployee members of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer (when delegated authority by such Committee), may grant stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock units (RSUs), restricted shares, performance share units (PSUs), and performance shares, up to a maximum of 104,125,000 shares of our Common Stock, of which 6,942,153 remain available for future grants as of December 31, 2025.

The number of shares remaining for issuance under the LTIP is reduced (i) by 1 for each award granted as a stock option or stock-settled SAR, or (ii) by 1.61 for an award made in the form other than a stock option or stock-settled SAR. Under the Board-approved Thoroughbred Stock Option Plan (TSOP), the Committee may grant stock options up to a maximum of 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock. We use newly issued shares to satisfy any exercises and awards under the LTIP and the TSOP.

The LTIP also permits the payment, on a current or a deferred basis and in cash or in stock, of dividend equivalents on shares of Common Stock covered by stock options, RSUs, or PSUs in an amount commensurate with regular quarterly dividends paid on Common Stock. With respect to stock options, if employment of the participant is terminated for any reason, including retirement, disability, or death, we have no further obligation to make any dividend equivalent payments. Regarding RSUs, we have no further obligation to make any dividend equivalent payments unless employment of the participant is terminated as a result of qualifying retirement or disability. Should an employee terminate employment, they are not required to forfeit dividend equivalent payments already received. Outstanding PSUs do not receive dividend equivalent payments.

The Committee granted stock options, RSUs, and PSUs pursuant to the LTIP for the last three years as follows:

Recipients of certain RSUs and PSUs pursuant to the LTIP who retire prior to December 31st will forfeit a portion of awards received in the current year. Receipt of certain LTIP awards is contingent on the recipient having executed a non-compete agreement with the company. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur.

K78

We account for our grants of stock options, RSUs, PSUs, and dividend equivalent payments in accordance with FASB ASC 718, “ Compensation - Stock Compensation .” Accordingly, all awards result in charges to net income while dividend equivalent payments, which are all related to equity classified awards, are charged to retained income. Compensation cost for the awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Related compensation costs and tax benefits during the years were:

Stock Options

Option exercise prices will be at least the higher of (i) the average of the high and low prices at which Common Stock is traded on the grant date, or (ii) the closing price of Common Stock on the grant date. All options are subject to a vesting period of at least one year , and the term of the option will not exceed ten years . Holders of the options granted under the LTIP who remain actively employed receive cash dividend equivalent payments for three or four years in an amount equal to the regular quarterly dividends paid on Common Stock.

For all years prior to 2024, options granted under the LTIP and the TSOP may not be exercised prior to the fourth and third anniversaries of the date of grant, respectively, or if the optionee retires or dies before that anniversary date, may not be exercised before the later of one year after the grant date or the date of the optionee’s retirement or death. Beginning in 2024, a prorated portion of the total LTIP award will vest on the first anniversary of the grant date continuing annually through the fourth anniversary of the grant date.

The fair value of each option awarded was measured on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Expected volatility is based on implied volatility from traded options on, and historical volatility of, Common Stock. Historical data is used to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Historical exercise data is used to estimate the average expected option term. The average risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. A dividend yield of zero was used for the LTIP options during the vesting period. For 2025, 2024, and 2023, a dividend yield of 2.10 %, 2.25 %, and 2.24 %, respectively, was used for the vested period during the remaining expected option term for LTIP options.

The assumptions for the LTIP grants for the last three years are shown in the following table:

K79

A summary of changes in stock options is presented below:

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding at December 31, 2025 was $ 20 million with a weighted-average remaining contractual term of 6.1 years. Of these options outstanding, 152,877 were exercisable and had an aggregate intrinsic value of $ 15 million with a weighted-average exercise price of $ 194.51 and a weighted-average remaining contractual term of 3.8 years.

The following table provides information related to options exercised for the last three years:

At December 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation related to options granted under the LTIP was $ 4 million, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 2.1 years.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs granted primarily have three - and four-year ratable restriction periods and will be settled through the issuance of shares of Common Stock. Certain RSU grants include cash dividend equivalent payments during the restriction period in an amount equal to regular quarterly dividends paid on Common Stock. The fair value of each RSU was measured on the date of grant as the average of the high and low prices at which Common Stock is traded on the grant date, adjusted for the impact of dividend equivalent payments as applicable.

K80

A summary of changes in RSUs is presented below:

At December 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation related to RSUs was $ 51 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.9 years.

Performance Share Units

PSUs provide for awards based on the achievement of certain predetermined corporate performance goals at the end of a three-year cycle and are settled through the issuance of shares of Common Stock. All PSUs will earn out based on the achievement of performance conditions and some will also earn out based on a market condition. The market condition fair value was measured on the date of grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model.

A summary of changes in PSUs is presented below:

At December 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation related to PSUs granted under the LTIP was $ 6 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.9 years.

K81

Shares Available and Issued

Shares of Common Stock available for future grants and issued in connection with all features of the LTIP and the TSOP at December 31, were as follows:

K82

16. Stockholders’ Equity

Common Stock

Common Stock is reported net of shares held by our consolidated subsidiaries (Treasury Shares). Treasury Shares at December 31, 2025 and 2024 amounted to 20,320,777 , with a cost of $ 19 million at both dates.

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

The components of “Other comprehensive income” reported in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and changes in the cumulative balances of “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of the following:

K83

Other Comprehensive Income

“Other comprehensive income” reported in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income consisted of the following:

K84

17. Stock Repurchase Programs

We repurchased and retired 2.2 million shares and 2.8 million shares of Common Stock under our stock repurchase programs in 2025 and 2023, respectively, at a cost of $ 533 million and $ 627 million, respectively, inclusive of accrued excise taxes. We did not repurchase any shares of Common Stock under our stock repurchase programs in 2024.

On March 29, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a new program for the repurchase of up to $ 10.0 billion of

Common Stock beginning April 1, 2022. As of December 31, 2025, $ 6.3 billion remains authorized for repurchase. With limited exceptions, the Merger Agreement prohibits repurchases of our Common Stock without Union Pacific’s consent. As a result, we suspended share repurchases upon entering into the Merger Agreement.

18. Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share:

In each year, dividend equivalent payments were made to certain holders of stock options and RSUs. For purposes of computing basic earnings per share, dividend equivalent payments made to holders of stock options and RSUs were deducted from net income to determine income available to common stockholders. For purposes of computing diluted earnings per share, we evaluate on a grant-by-grant basis those stock options and RSUs receiving dividend equivalent payments under the two-class and treasury stock methods to determine which method is more dilutive for each grant. For those grants for which the two-class method was more dilutive, net income was reduced by dividend equivalent payments to determine income available to common stockholders. The dilution calculations exclude options having exercise prices exceeding the average market price of Common Stock as follows: 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.

K85

19. Commitments and Contingencies

We and/or certain subsidiaries are subject to numerous lawsuits, inquiries, investigations and other claims and proceedings relating principally to railroad operations. In accordance with FASB ASC 450, “ Contingencies ,” when we conclude that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, it is accrued through a charge to earnings and, if material, disclosed below. While the ultimate amount of liability incurred in any of these matters is dependent on future developments, in our opinion, the recorded liability is adequate to cover the future payment of such liabilities and claims. However, the final outcome of any of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, and developments related to the progress of such matters or other unfavorable or unexpected developments or outcomes could result in additional costs or new or additionally accrued amounts that could be significant to financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. Any adjustments to the recorded liability will be reflected in earnings in the periods in which such adjustments become known. If it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses in excess of the amounts currently recorded as a loss contingency, we disclose the potential range of loss, if reasonably estimable, or we disclose that we cannot reasonably estimate such an amount at this time. For loss contingency matters where a loss may be reasonably possible, but not probable, or is probable but not reasonably estimable, no accrual is established but the matter, if potentially material, is disclosed below.

We routinely review relevant information with respect to our lawsuits, inquiries, investigations and other claims and proceedings and update our accruals, disclosures and estimates of reasonably possible loss based on such reviews. Our estimates of probable losses and reasonably possible losses are based upon currently available information and involve significant judgment and a variety of assumptions, given that (1) certain legal and regulatory proceedings are in early stages; (2) discovery may not be completed; (3) damages sought in these legal and regulatory proceedings can be unsubstantiated or indeterminate; (4) there are often significant facts in dispute; and/or (5) there is a wide range of possible outcomes. Accordingly, our estimated range of loss with respect to these matters may change from time to time, and actual losses may exceed current estimates.

Litigation Related to the Mergers

Shareholders have and may continue to file lawsuits challenging the Mergers, which may name us, Union Pacific, members of our Board, members of the Union Pacific board, or others as defendants. No assurance can be made as to the outcome of such lawsuits, including the amount of costs associated with defending claims or any other liabilities that may be incurred in connection with the litigation of any claims. If plaintiffs are successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the parties from completing the Mergers on the agreed-upon terms, such an injunction may delay the completion of the Mergers or may prevent the Mergers from being completed altogether.

We and Union Pacific have each received demand letters from certain purported shareholders of Norfolk Southern and Union Pacific, as applicable, that allege deficiencies and/or omissions in the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Union Pacific with the SEC relating to the Mergers. In response to shareholder demand letters alleging deficiencies in the registration statement on Form S-4, we provided additional disclosure via Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2025, which clarified financial projections, board deliberations, and risk factors related to the Mergers. We believe that the allegations in these letters are without merit. There can be no assurances that complaints or additional demands will not be filed or made with respect to the Mergers. If additional similar demands are made, absent new or different allegations that are material, neither we nor Union Pacific will necessarily announce them.

Eastern Ohio Incident

Numerous legal actions have commenced with respect to the February 3, 2023 derailment of a train operated by us in East Palestine, Ohio, the associated fire, and the resulting vent and burn of the tank cars containing vinyl chloride on February 6, 2023 (the Incident), including those more specifically set forth below:

• A consolidated putative class action is pending in the Northern District of Ohio (Eastern Division) (the Ohio Class Action) in which plaintiffs allege various claims, including negligence, gross negligence, strict

K86

liability, and nuisance, and seeking as relief compensatory and punitive damages, medical monitoring and business losses. On April 26, 2024, we entered into a class action settlement with the plaintiffs to resolve the Ohio Class Action for $ 600 million, and we made a partial payment of the settlement in 2024, in the amount of $ 315 million. On November 5, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit dismissed objectors’ appeals of the class action settlement. Under the class action settlement terms, payment of the remaining balance, including timing, is dependent upon resolution of any further appeals to the settlement.

• On August 22, 2023, six Pennsylvania school districts and students filed a putative class action lawsuit in the Western District of Pennsylvania (the Pennsylvania Class Action) alleging negligence, strict liability, nuisance, and trespass, and seeking damages and health monitoring. On December 8, 2023, the school districts amended their complaint to add additional companies as defendants. On February 23, 2024, we and the other defendants filed motions to dismiss and those motions are fully briefed and currently pending before the court.

• We are also named as a defendant in various other Incident-related lawsuits involving other potentially affected third parties, a number of which were filed in early 2025. We are continuing to assess the claims and their potential impact on the Company.

• We have received securities and derivative lawsuits and multiple shareholder document and litigation demand letters:

◦ A securities class action lawsuit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) was initially filed in the Southern District of Ohio alleging multiple securities law violations, but has since been transferred to the Northern District of Georgia. The plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on April 25, 2024 and the defendants filed a motion to dismiss on June 24, 2024. On March 24, 2025, the district court presiding over the Exchange Act lawsuit denied defendants' motion to dismiss and the Exchange Act lawsuit is now in discovery.

◦ A securities class action lawsuit under the Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act) was filed in the Southern District of New York alleging misstatements in association with our debt offerings. On February 27, 2025, the district judge granted defendants' motion to dismiss the Securities Act lawsuit in its entirety, and close the case, which plaintiffs appealed on March 28, 2025 to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal was fully briefed as of October 31, 2025 and oral argument is scheduled for February 12, 2026.

◦ Six shareholder derivative complaints were filed in Virginia state court asserting claims for breach of fiduciary duties, waste of corporate assets, and unjust enrichment in connection with safety of the Company’s operations, among other claims (collectively, the Shareholder Derivative Matters). The Shareholder Derivative Matters were consolidated on July 10, 2025, by agreement of the parties. No responsive pleadings have been filed yet in the Shareholder Derivative Matters.

Incident accruals principally related to ongoing legal proceedings totaled $ 474 million and $ 444 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which includes the remaining payment of $ 285 million related to the Ohio Class Action.

In regards to the Incident, the DOJ filed a civil complaint on behalf of the U.S. EPA (the DOJ Complaint) in the Northern District of Ohio (Eastern Division) seeking injunctive relief and civil penalties for alleged violations of the Clean Water Act (CWA) and cost recovery under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA). The Ohio AG also filed a lawsuit (the Ohio Complaint) in the Northern District of Ohio (Eastern Division) seeking damages for a variety of common law and environmental statutory claims under CERCLA and various state laws. The DOJ and Ohio AG cases were consolidated for discovery purposes. On May 23, 2024, the DOJ and the Company reached a settlement to resolve all of the government’s civil claims against the Company. The DOJ filed a motion on October 10, 2024 seeking entry of the Consent Decree, which motion remains pending before the Court. If approved, the Consent Decree will require the Company to pay a civil penalty

K87

of $ 15 million for alleged violations of the CWA, plus $ 57 million for the federal government’s oversight costs through November 30, 2023 as well as additional oversight costs from December 1, 2023 until the remediation is complete. Other provisions of the proposed Consent Decree relate to injunctive relief for safety, community support including medical and mental health programs, and environmental support, which provisions, if approved by the court, will be in effect between five years to twenty years. The Ohio AG did not join this settlement; we have filed an answer, and the litigation remains ongoing, in the Ohio AG case. Total Incident-related environmental liabilities related to ongoing environmental monitoring activities and regulatory oversight are $ 191 million and $ 244 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

With respect to the Incident, we have recognized approximately $ 1.1 billion in insurance recoveries (including $ 338 million, $ 650 million, and $ 101 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively), principally from excess liability (re)insurers. At December 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding, while $ 18 million was outstanding at December 31, 2024 and is included in “Accounts receivable – net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 2025, we exhausted coverage under our liability insurance policies with respect to the Incident. With the exception of amounts that have been recognized, potential future recoveries under our property and other insurance coverage have not yet been recorded (given the insurers ongoing evaluation of our claims).

We are also subject to inquiries and investigations by numerous federal, state, and local government authorities and regulatory agencies regarding the Incident, including but not limited to, the FRA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Ohio Attorney General (AG), and the Pennsylvania AG. We are cooperating with all pending inquiries and investigations, including responding to civil and criminal subpoenas and other requests for information (the aforementioned inquiries and investigations, as well as the civil and criminal subpoenas are collectively referred to herein as the Incident Inquiries and Investigations).

The FRA examined railroad equipment, track conditions, hazardous materials train placement and routing, and emergency response (the FRA Incident Investigation), similar in scope to an investigation by the NTSB. The FRA Incident Investigation will likely result in the assessment of civil penalties, though the amount and materiality of these penalties cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

Lawsuits

In 2007, various antitrust class actions filed against us and other Class I railroads in various federal district courts regarding fuel surcharges were consolidated in the District of Columbia by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation. In 2012, the court certified the case as a class action. The defendant railroads appealed this certification, and the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the District Court’s decision and remanded the case for further consideration. On October 10, 2017, the District Court denied class certification. The decision was upheld by the Court of Appeals on August 16, 2019. Since that decision, various individual cases have been filed in multiple jurisdictions and also consolidated in the District of Columbia. On June 24, 2025, the District Court granted summary judgment dismissing the consolidated cases in full. On July 24, 2025, a majority of plaintiffs appealed this ruling to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. We intend to vigorously defend the cases through appeal and believe that we will prevail. However, given that litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to uncertainties, there can be no assurances that the final resolution of the litigation will not be material. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the potential loss or range of loss associated with this matter.

Casualty Claims

Casualty claims include employee personal injury and occupational claims as well as third-party claims, all exclusive of legal costs. To aid in valuing our personal injury liability and determining the amount to accrue with respect to such claims during the year, we utilize studies prepared by an independent consulting actuarial firm. Job-related personal injury and occupational claims are subject to FELA, which is applicable only to railroads. The variability inherent in FELA’s fault-based tort system could result in actual costs being different from the liability recorded. While the ultimate amount of claims incurred is dependent on future developments, in our opinion, the recorded liability is adequate to cover the future payments of claims and is supported by the most recent actuarial

K88

study. In all cases, we record a liability when the expected loss for the claim is both probable and reasonably estimable.

Employee personal injury claims – The largest component of casualty claims expense not pertaining to the Incident is employee personal injury costs. We engage an independent actuarial firm to provide quarterly studies to aid in valuing our employee personal injury liability and estimating personal injury expense. The actuarial firm studies our historical patterns of reserving for claims and subsequent settlements, taking into account relevant outside influences. The actuarial firm provides the results of these analyses to aid in our estimate of the ultimate amount of liability. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. The accuracy of our estimate of the liability is subject to inherent limitation given the difficulty of predicting future events such as jury decisions, court interpretations, or legislative changes. As a result, actual claim settlements may vary from the estimated liability recorded.

Occupational claims – Occupational claims include injuries and illnesses alleged to be caused by exposures which occur over time as opposed to injuries or illnesses caused by a specific accident or event. Types of occupational claims commonly seen allege exposure to asbestos and other claimed toxic substances resulting in respiratory diseases or cancer. Many such claims are being asserted by former or retired employees, some of whom have not been employed in the rail industry for decades. The independent actuarial firm provides an estimate of the occupational claims liability based upon our history of claim filings, severity, payments, and other pertinent facts. The liability is dependent upon judgments we make as to the specific case reserves as well as judgments of the actuarial firm in the quarterly studies. Our estimate of ultimate loss includes a provision for those claims that have been incurred but not reported. This provision is derived by analyzing industry data and projecting our experience. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. However, it is possible that the recorded liability may not be adequate to cover the future payment of claims. Adjustments to the recorded liability are reflected in operating expenses in the periods in which such adjustments become known.

Third-party claims – We record a liability for third-party claims including those for highway crossing accidents, trespasser and other injuries, property damage, and lading damage. The actuarial firm assists us with the calculation of potential liability for third-party claims, except lading damage, based upon our experience including the number and timing of incidents, amount of payments, settlement rates, number of open claims, and legal defenses. We adjust the liability quarterly based upon our assessment and the results of the study. Given the inherent uncertainty in regard to the ultimate outcome of third-party claims, it is possible that the actual loss may differ from the estimated liability recorded.

Environmental Matters

We are subject to various jurisdictions’ environmental laws and regulations. In accordance with FASB ASC 410-30 “ Environmental Liabilities ,” we record a liability for environmental matters where such liability or loss is probable and reasonably estimable. Environmental specialists regularly participate in ongoing evaluations of all known sites and in determining any necessary adjustments to liability estimates.

In addition to environmental claims associated with the Incident, our Consolidated Balance Sheets include liabilities for other environmental exposures of $ 63 million at December 31, 2025 and $ 65 million at December 31, 2024, of which $ 15 million is classified as a current liability at the end of both periods. At December 31, 2025, the liability represents our estimates of the probable cleanup, investigation, and remediation costs based on available information at 69 known locations and projects compared with 74 locations and projects at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2025, eighteen sites accounted for $ 55 million of the liability, and no individual site was considered to be material. We anticipate that most of this liability will be paid out over five years ; however, some costs will be paid out over a longer period.

At eight locations, one or more of our subsidiaries in conjunction with a number of other parties have been identified as potentially responsible parties under CERCLA or comparable state statutes that impose joint and

K89

several liability for cleanup costs. We calculate our estimated liability for these sites based on facts and legal defenses applicable to each site and not solely on the basis of the potential for joint liability.

As set forth above, with respect to known environmental sites (whether identified by us or by the U.S. EPA or comparable state authorities), estimates of our ultimate potential financial exposure for a given site or in the aggregate for all such sites can change over time because of the widely varying costs of currently available cleanup techniques, unpredictable contaminant recovery and reduction rates associated with available cleanup technologies, the likely development of new cleanup technologies, the difficulty of determining in advance the nature and full extent of contamination and each potential participant’s share of any estimated loss (and that participant’s ability to bear it), and evolving statutory and regulatory standards governing liability.

The risk of incurring environmental liability for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business. Some of the commodities we transport, particularly those classified as hazardous materials, pose special risks that we work diligently to reduce. In addition, several of our subsidiaries own, or have owned, land used as operating property, or which is leased and operated by others, or held for sale. Because environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, there can be no assurance that we will not incur environmental liabilities or costs with respect to one or more of them, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time. Moreover, lawsuits and claims involving these and potentially other unidentified environmental sites and matters are likely to arise from time to time. The resulting liabilities could have a significant effect on financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter.

Based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances now known, we believe we have recorded the probable and reasonably estimable costs for dealing with those environmental matters of which we are aware. Further, we believe that it is unlikely that any known matters, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.

Labor Agreements

Approximately 80 % of our railroad employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. Pursuant to the RLA, these agreements remain in effect until new agreements are reached, or until the bargaining procedures mandated by the RLA are completed. Moratorium provisions in the labor agreements govern when the railroads and unions may propose changes to the agreements. We largely bargain nationally in concert with other major railroads, represented by the NCCC.

Under moratorium provisions from the last round of negotiations, neither party was permitted to serve notice to compel a new round of mandatory collective bargaining until November 1, 2024. Since that date, Norfolk Southern, or the NCCC acting on behalf of Norfolk Southern, has engaged in discussions and reached ratified agreements with all of our labor unions.

Moratorium clauses in these new ratified agreements foreclose the parties from serving further notices to compel mandatory bargaining until November 1, 2029. During this period, self-help against Norfolk Southern (e.g., a strike or other work stoppage) related to the mandatory collective-bargaining process is prohibited by law.

K90

Insurance

We purchase insurance covering legal liabilities for bodily injury and property damage to third parties. Our current liability insurance provides limits for approximately 83 % of covered losses above $ 75 million and below $ 734 million per occurrence and/or policy year. Above $ 800 million per occurrence and/or policy year, we maintain approximately $ 57 million additional liability insurance limits for certain types of pollution releases. We also purchase insurance for property damage to property owned by us or in our care, custody, or control. Our property insurance provides limits for approximately 77 % of covered losses above $ 75 million and below $ 275 million per occurrence and/or policy year.

Purchase Commitments

At December 31, 2025, we had outstanding purchase commitments totaling $ 2.0 billion through 2053 for locomotive modernizations, long-term technology support and development contracts, track material, and vehicles.

Change-In-Control and Retention Arrangements

We have compensation agreements with certain officers and key employees that become operative only upon a change in control of Norfolk Southern, as defined in those agreements. The agreements provide generally for payments based on compensation at the time of a covered individual’s involuntary or other specified termination and for certain other benefits. We have also entered into retention agreements with certain key employees to promote stability, maintain continuity of leadership and incentivize individuals to remain focused on our business and the successful completion of the Merger with Union Pacific.

Indemnifications

In a number of instances, we have agreed to indemnify lenders for additional costs they may bear as a result of certain changes in laws or regulations applicable to their loans. Such changes may include impositions or modifications with respect to taxes, duties, reserves, liquidity, capital adequacy, special deposits, and similar requirements relating to extensions of credit by, deposits with, or the assets or liabilities of such lenders. The nature and timing of changes in laws or regulations applicable to our financings are inherently unpredictable, and therefore our exposure in connection with the foregoing indemnifications cannot be quantified. No liability has been recorded related to these indemnifications.

K91

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of management, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)) at December 31, 2025. Based on such evaluation, our officers have concluded that, at December 31, 2025, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to our ability to record, process, summarize, and report reliable financial data. We recognize that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of internal control. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time.

Our Board of Directors, acting through its Audit Committee, is responsible for the oversight of our accounting policies, financial reporting, and internal control. The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is comprised of outside directors who are independent of management. The independent registered public accounting firm and our internal auditors have full and unlimited access to the Audit Committee, with or without management, to discuss the adequacy of internal control over financial reporting, and any other matters which they believe should be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee.

We have issued a report of our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, and our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an opinion on our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2025. These reports appear in Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

During the fourth quarter of 2025, we have not identified any changes in internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially effect, our internal control over financial reporting.

K92

Item 9B. Other Information

Director and Officer Trading Arrangements

None of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the fourth quarter of 2025.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

K93

PART III

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), information called for by Part III, Item 10, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which definitive Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. The information regarding executive officers called for by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is included in Part I hereof beginning under “Information about our Executive Officers.”

Item 11. Executive Compensation

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), information called for by Part III, Item 11, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which definitive Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A.

K94

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), information on security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management called for by Part III, Item 12, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which definitive Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A.

Equity Compensation Plan Information (at December 31, 2025)

(1) Excludes securities reflected in column (a).

(2) LTIP.

(3) Includes options, RSUs, and PSUs granted under LTIP that will be settled in shares of Common Stock.

(4) TSOP.

(5) Calculated without regard to 656,199 outstanding RSUs and PSUs at December 31, 2025.

(6) Reflects shares remaining available for grant under TSOP.

Norfolk Southern Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan

Established on June 28, 1983, and approved by our stockholders at their Annual Meeting held on May 10, 1984, LTIP was adopted to promote the success of our company by providing an opportunity for non-employee Directors, officers, and other key employees to acquire a proprietary interest in Norfolk Southern Corporation (the Corporation). The Board of Directors amended LTIP on January 23, 2015, which amendment was approved by shareholders on May 14, 2015, to include the reservation for issuance of an additional 8,000,000 shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock.

The amended LTIP adopted a fungible share reserve ratio so that, for awards granted after May 13, 2010, the number of shares remaining for issuance under the amended LTIP will be reduced (i) by 1 for each award granted as an option or stock-settled SAR, or (ii) by 1.61 for an award made in the form other than an option or stock-settled SAR. Any shares of Common Stock subject to options, PSUs, restricted shares, or RSUs which are not issued as Common Stock will again be available for award under LTIP after the expiration or forfeiture of an award.

K95

Non-employee Directors, officers, and other key employees residing in the U.S. or Canada are eligible for selection to receive LTIP awards. Under LTIP, the Committee, or the Corporation’s chief executive officer to the extent the Committee delegates award-making authority pursuant to LTIP, may grant incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, SARs, RSUs, restricted shares, PSUs and performance shares. In addition, dividend equivalent payments may be awarded for options, RSUs and PSUs. Awards under LTIP may be made subject to forfeiture under certain circumstances and the Committee may establish such other terms and conditions for the awards as provided in LTIP.

The option price is at least the higher of (i) the average of the high and low prices at which Common Stock is traded on the date of grant, or (ii) the closing price of Common Stock on the date of the grant. All options are subject to a vesting period of at least one year, and the term of the option will not exceed ten years. LTIP specifically prohibits option repricing without stockholder approval, except that adjustments may be made in the event of changes in our capital structure or Common Stock.

PSUs entitle a recipient to receive performance-based compensation at the end of a three-year cycle based on our performance during that period. For the 2025 PSU awards, corporate performance will be based directly on both return on average capital invested and total return to stockholders and will be settled in shares of Common Stock.

RSUs are payable in cash or in shares of Common Stock at the end of a restriction period. During the restriction period, the holder of the RSUs has no beneficial ownership interest in the Common Stock represented by the RSUs and has no right to vote the shares represented by the units or to receive dividends (except for dividend equivalent payment rights that may be awarded with respect to the RSUs). The Committee at its discretion may waive the restriction period, but settlement of any RSUs will occur on the same settlement date as would have applied absent a waiver of restrictions, if no performance goals were imposed. RSUs will be settled in shares of Common Stock.

Norfolk Southern Corporation Thoroughbred Stock Option Plan

Our Board of Directors adopted TSOP on January 26, 1999, to promote the success of our company by providing an opportunity for management employees to acquire a proprietary interest in our company and thereby to provide an additional incentive to management employees to devote their maximum efforts and skills to the advancement, betterment, and prosperity of our company and our stockholders. Under TSOP there were 6,000,000 shares of authorized but unissued Common Stock reserved for issuance. TSOP has not been and is not required to have been approved by our stockholders.

Active full-time management employees residing in the U.S. or Canada are eligible for selection to receive TSOP awards. Under TSOP, the Committee, or the Corporation’s chief executive officer to the extent the Committee delegates award-making authority pursuant to TSOP, may grant nonqualified stock options subject to such terms and conditions as provided in TSOP.

The option price may not be less than the average of the high and low prices at which Common Stock is traded on the date of the grant. All options are subject to a vesting period of at least one year, and the term of the option will not exceed ten years. TSOP specifically prohibits repricing without stockholder approval, except for capital adjustments.

K96

Norfolk Southern Corporation Directors’ Restricted Stock Plan

The Plan was adopted on January 1, 1994, and was designed to increase ownership of Common Stock by our non-employee Directors so as to further align their ownership interest in our company with that of our stockholders. The Plan has not been and is not required to have been approved by our stockholders.

Effective January 23, 2015, the Board amended the Plan to provide that no additional awards will be made under the Plan. Prior to that amendment, only non-employee Directors who are not and never have been employees of our company were eligible to participate in the Plan. Upon becoming a Director, each eligible Director received a one-time grant of 3,000 restricted shares of Common Stock. No additional shares may be granted under the Plan. No individual member of the Board exercised discretion concerning the eligibility of any Director or the number of shares granted.

The restriction period applicable to restricted shares granted under the Plan begins on the date of the grant and ends on the earlier of the recipient’s death or the day after the recipient ceases to be a Director by reason of disability or retirement. During the restriction period, shares may not be sold, pledged, or otherwise encumbered. Directors forfeit the restricted shares if they cease to serve as a Director of our company for reasons other than their disability, retirement, or death.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), information called for by Part III, Item 13, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which definitive Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Atlanta, GA, Auditor Firm ID: 185 .

In accordance with General Instruction G(3), information called for by Part III, Item 14, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which definitive Proxy Statement will be filed electronically with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A.

K97

PART IV

NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

K98

K99

K100

K101

K102

K103

K104

K105

K106

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

K107

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose signature appears on the next page under SIGNATURES hereby authorizes Jason M. Morris and Jason A. Zampi, or any one of them, to execute in the name of each such person, and to file, any amendments to this report, and hereby appoints Jason M. Morris and Jason A. Zampi, or any one of them, as attorneys-in-fact to sign on her or his behalf, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file, any and all amendments to this report.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Norfolk Southern Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 9th day of February, 2026.

K108

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on this 9th day of February, 2026, by the following persons on behalf of Norfolk Southern Corporation and in the capacities indicated.

K109

Schedule II

Norfolk Southern Corporation and Subsidiaries

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023

($ in millions)

(1) Includes adjustments for changes in estimates for prior years’ claims.

(2) Includes revenue refunds and overcharges provided through deductions from operating revenues and transfers

from other accounts.

(3) Payments and reclassifications to/from accounts payable.

(4) Payments and reclassifications to/from other liabilities.

K110
