Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to market risks in connection with our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange risks.

Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

Our investment portfolio primarily consists of short-term fixed income securities, including government and investment-grade debt securities and money market funds. These securities are classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses, net of tax reported as a separate component of stockholders’ equity within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Our investment policy and strategy are focused on the preservation of capital and supporting our liquidity requirements. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

Based on our investment portfolio balance as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates would not have materially affected our consolidated financial statements. We currently do not hedge these interest rate exposures.

Equity Price Risk

Our non-marketable equity investments consist of investments in privately-held companies that we hold for purposes other than trading. These investments are inherently risky because there is no established market for these securities and the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. As such, we could lose our entire investment in these companies, and we believe that determining the impact of market sensitivities on these investments is not practicable.

The aggregate carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments was $42 million and $69 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. Adjustments or impairments are recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Transaction Exposure

We transact business globally and have international revenue, as well as costs, denominated in multiple currencies, primarily the Euro, Pounds Sterling, Canadian dollars, Israeli shekel and Australian dollars. This exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates are reflected in reported income and loss from our international businesses included in our consolidated statements of operations. A continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar would therefore reduce reported revenue and expenses from our international businesses included in our consolidated statements of operations.

We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income or loss as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing and ultimately settling certain asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Foreign currency gains and losses were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025. Based on our foreign currency exposures from monetary assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2025, we estimated that a 10% change in exchange rates against the U.S. dollar would not have resulted in a material gain or loss.

Translation Exposure

We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we translate the financial statements of our non-U.S. subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of the financial statements of our non-U.S. subsidiaries into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is part of stockholders’ equity.
