Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information for Common Stock

Effective September 27, 2023, our Class A common stock was listed and began trading on Nasdaq's Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "DASH". From December 9, 2020 through September 26, 2023, our Class A common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “DASH”. Prior to December 9, 2020, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock.

Our Class B common stock and Class C common stock are neither listed nor traded.

Holders of Record

As of December 31, 2025, there were 126 holders of record of our Class A common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees.

As of December 31, 2025, there were 20 holders of record of our Class B common stock. All shares of our Class B common stock are beneficially owned by Tony Xu, Andy Fang, or Stanley Tang or their respective affiliates.

As of December 31, 2025, there were no holders of our Class C common stock.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2025:

(1) In February 2025, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $5.0 billion of our Class A common stock. In connection with this authorization, we have, from time to time, entered into Rule 10b5-1 plans, which as of December 31, 2025 have resulted in no repurchases of our Class A common stock. The February 2025 authorization does not have an expiration date. Please see Note 11 — "Common Stock" included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We may enter into credit agreements or other debt arrangements in the future that will restrict our ability to declare or pay cash dividends or make distributions on our capital stock. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant.

Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of DoorDash, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our Class A common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 and the S&P 500 IT, in each case, calculated on a dividend-reinvested basis. An investment of $100 is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index as of the market close on December 31, 2020, and each investment's relative performance has been tracked through December 31, 2025, the last trading day in 2025. The graph uses the closing market price on December 31, 2020 of $142.75 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock.

The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.

Item 6. [Reserved]
