Item 3. Legal Proceedings

We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, regulatory inquiries, audits, and governmental investigations (collectively, “Legal Proceedings”) in the ordinary course of business, including suits by merchants, consumers, Dashers, or other third parties (individually or as class actions).

The outcomes of our Legal Proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. When we determine that we have meritorious defenses to any claims asserted, we defend ourselves vigorously; however, we also consider settlement of disputes when, in management’s judgment, it is in the best interests of both DoorDash and its shareholders to do so. For some matters for which a material loss is reasonably possible, an estimate of the amount of loss or range of losses is not possible nor are we able to estimate the loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of nonmonetary remedies. Until the final resolution of Legal Proceedings, there may be an exposure to a material loss in excess of the amount recorded or non-monetary damages.

Except as set forth below, we are not, and have not been within the past 12 months, party to any material administrative, legal, or arbitration proceeding that may have or have had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of DoorDash, and we are not aware of any such proceedings being pending or threatened.

Independent contractor classification matters

We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to claims, lawsuits, arbitration proceedings, administrative actions, government investigations, and other legal and regulatory proceedings at the federal, state, and municipal levels challenging the classification of Dashers on our platform as independent contractors, and claims that, by the alleged misclassification, we have violated various labor and other laws that would apply to delivery employees. Laws and regulations that govern the status and classification of independent contractors are subject to change and divergent interpretations by various authorities, which can create uncertainty and unpredictability for us.

We are currently involved in putative class actions, representative actions, such as those brought under PAGA, and individual claims, both in court as well as arbitration, and other matters challenging the classification of Dashers on our platform as independent contractors. Various other Dashers have challenged or threatened to challenge, and may challenge in the future, their classification on our platform as an independent contractor under U.S. federal and state and international law, seeking monetary, injunctive, or other relief. We are currently involved in a number of such actions filed by individual Dashers, with many additional claims threatened, including those brought in, or compelled pursuant to our independent contractor agreement to, individual arbitration. In addition, in June 2020, the San Francisco District Attorney filed an action in the Superior Court of California, County of San Francisco, alleging that we misclassified California Dashers as independent contractors as opposed to employees in violation of the California Labor Code and the California Unfair Competition Law, among other allegations. This action was resolved in September 2025 for $2 million and no injunctive relief.

We believe that we have meritorious defenses and intend to dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and defend ourselves vigorously in these matters. Legal Proceedings related to these matters can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs individually and in the aggregate, diversion of management resources, and other factors.

Consumer protection and other actions

We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in other Legal Proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including class action lawsuits and actions brought by government authorities, alleging violations of consumer protection laws, competition laws, data protection laws, civil rights laws, and other laws. In addition, we have been subject to Legal Proceedings related to representations regarding tips paid to Dashers and our former DoorDash Dasher pay model. We dispute any allegations of wrongdoing and intend to continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.

Intellectual property matters

We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in Legal Proceedings related to alleged infringement of patents and other intellectual property and, in the ordinary course of business, we receive correspondence from other purported holders of patents and other intellectual property offering to license such property or asserting infringement of such property. We dispute any allegation of wrongdoing and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.

Regulatory and administrative investigations, audits, demands, and inquiries

We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be the subject of regulatory and administrative investigations, audits, demands, and inquiries conducted by federal, state, or local governmental agencies concerning our business practices, the classification and compensation of Dashers, DoorDash Dasher pay models and pay practices, compliance with consumer protection laws, privacy, cybersecurity, tax issues, unemployment insurance, workers’ compensation insurance, and other matters. For example, we are currently under audit by the Employment Development Department of the State of California (the "CA EDD") for payroll tax liabilities. In January 2023, the CA EDD issued a negative assessment in connection with such audit. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the CA EDD’s assessment, and intend to vigorously appeal this assessment. However, the ultimate resolution of the audit is uncertain and, accordingly, we have recorded an accrual for this matter within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2025. We are currently the subject of government investigations, audits, demands, and inquiries in other jurisdictions as well, and we may in the future settle, or record accruals with respect to, such matters. Further, the results of investigations, audits, demands, and inquiries and related governmental action are inherently unpredictable and, as such, there is always the risk of an investigation, audit, demand, or inquiry having a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly in the event that an investigation, audit, or inquiry results in a lawsuit or unfavorable regulatory enforcement or other action. Regardless of the outcome, these matters can have an adverse impact on us in light of the costs associated with cooperating with, or defending against, such matters, and the diversion of management resources, and other factors.

Personal injury matters

We have in the past been, are currently, and may in the future be involved in Legal Proceedings where various parties may claim that we are liable for damages related to accidents or other incidents involving Dashers who have been active on our platform. We are currently named as a defendant in a number of matters related to accidents or other incidents involving Dashers that utilize our platform. In many of these matters, we believe we have meritorious defenses, dispute the allegations of wrongdoing, and intend to defend ourselves vigorously. There is no pending or threatened legal proceeding that has arisen from these accidents or incidents that individually, in our opinion, is likely to have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations; however, results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable and legal proceedings related to such accidents or incidents, in the aggregate, could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, these matters can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs individually and in the aggregate, the diversion of management resources, and other factors.

For additional information on our legal proceedings, see Note 10 – "Commitments and Contingencies" included in Part II, Item 8, “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

Part II
