Item 5: Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Motorola Solutions' common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol "MSI." The number of stockholders of record of its common stock on February 6, 2026 was 15,632. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of “street name” holders whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

During 2025, we declared regular quarterly dividends of $1.09 per share of our common stock for each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2025, and $1.21 per share of our common stock for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. While we expect to continue to pay comparable regular quarterly dividends in 2026, any future dividend payments will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our profits, financial requirements and other factors, including legal restrictions on the payment of dividends, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

On November 18, 2025, the Company issued 2,146 shares of common stock in connection with the acquisition of Blue Eye to certain former shareholders of the corporation. The stock was issued for an aggregate grant fair value of $1 million that will be expensed over an average service period of two years. The foregoing transaction did not involve any underwriters, any underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offerings. The shares with respect to the transaction were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in a privately negotiated transaction not involving any public offerings or solicitations.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The following table provides information with respect to acquisitions by the Company of shares of its common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2025.

Performance Graph

The following graph compares the five-year cumulative total shareholder returns of Motorola Solutions, Inc., the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Communications Equipment Index.

This graph assumes $100 was invested in the stock or the indices on December 31, 2020 and reflects the reinvestment of dividends.

Item 6: [Reserved.]
