Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

BlackRock’s common stock is listed on the NYSE and is traded under the symbol “BLK”. At the close of business on January 31, 2026, there were 216 common stockholders of record. Common stockholders include institutional or omnibus accounts that hold common stock for many underlying investors.

The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the dividends declared per share for the common stock as reported on the NYSE:

The closing price of BlackRock’s common stock as of February 24, 2026 was $1,081.05.

Dividends

On January 15, 2026, the Board of Directors approved BlackRock’s quarterly dividend of $5.73 per share to be paid on March 24, 2026 to stockholders of record at the close of business on March 6, 2026.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, the Company made the following purchases of its common stock, which is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and Class B-2 Common Units ("Subco Units") of a consolidated subsidiary, BlackRock Saturn Subco, LLC.

Consists of purchases of common stock made by the Company primarily to satisfy income tax withholding obligations of employees and members of the Company’s Board of Directors related to the vesting of certain restricted stock unit awards and purchases of common stock and/or Subco Units made by the Company pursuant to the share repurchase plan. The Company announced its share repurchase plan in July 2010, which initially authorized the repurchase of 5.1 million shares with no stated expiration. In January 2026, the Company announced that the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional seven million shares under the Company's existing share repurchase program, for a total of up to 9.2 million shares of BlackRock common stock.

The Subco Units repurchased by the Company during the three months ended December 31, 2025 were exchangeable into an equal number of shares of the Company's common stock.

Item 6. [R eserved]
