Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk

AUM Market Price Risk. BlackRock’s investment advisory and administration fees are primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of AUM and, in some cases, performance fees expressed as a percentage of the returns realized on AUM. At December 31, 2025, the majority of the Company’s investment advisory and administration fees were based on average or period end AUM of the applicable investment funds or separate accounts. Movements in equity market prices, interest rates/credit spreads, foreign exchange rates or all three could cause the value of AUM to decline, which would result in lower investment advisory and administration fees.

Corporate Investments Portfolio Risks. As a leading investment management firm, BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and analyzing market and operating risks, including the management and oversight of its own investment portfolio. The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted guidelines for the review of investments (or commitments to invest) to be made by the Company, requiring, among other things, that certain investments be referred to the Board of Directors, depending on the circumstances, for notification or approval.

In the normal course of its business, BlackRock is exposed to equity market price risk, interest rate/credit spread risk and foreign exchange rate risk associated with its corporate investments.

BlackRock has investments primarily in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including real assets, private equity and hedge funds. Investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record, to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans or for regulatory purposes. The Company has a seed capital hedging program in which it enters into futures to hedge market and interest rate exposure with respect to its total portfolio of seed investments in sponsored investment products. The Company had outstanding futures related to its seed capital hedging program with an aggregate notional value of approximately $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, approximately $9.1 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively, of BlackRock’s investments were held in consolidated sponsored investment products accounted for as variable interest entities or voting rights entities. Excluding the impact of the Federal Reserve Bank stock, carried interest, investments made to hedge exposure to certain deferred cash compensation plans and certain investments that are hedged via the seed capital hedging program, the Company’s economic exposure to its investment portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $4.9 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Statement of Financial Condition Overview – Investments for further information on the Company’s investments.

Equity Market Price Risk. Investments subject to market price risk include public and private equity and real assets investments, hedge funds and funds of funds as well as mutual funds. The following table provides the Company's net exposure to equity market price risk and hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in market prices:

Interest Rate/Credit Spread Risk. Investments subject to interest rate and credit spread risk include debt securities and sponsored investment products that invest primarily in debt securities. The following table provides the Company's exposure to interest rate risk and credit spread risk and hypothetical exposure to an adverse 100 basis point fluctuation in interest rates or credit spreads:

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk. As discussed above, the Company invests in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes. The carrying value of the total economic investment exposure denominated in foreign currencies is primarily based in the British pound and euro. The following table provides the Company's exposure to foreign currencies and hypothetical exposure to a 10% adverse change in the applicable foreign exchange rates:

Other Market Risks. The Company executes forward foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate the risk of certain foreign exchange risk movements. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had outstanding forward foreign currency exchange contracts with an aggregate notional value of approximately $3.0 billion and $3.6 billion, with expiration dates in first quarter of 2026 and 2025, respectively. In addition, the Company entered into futures to hedge economically the exposure to market movements on certain deferred cash compensation plans. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had outstanding exchange traded futures with aggregate notional values related to its deferred cash compensation hedging program of approximately $231 million and $197 million, with expiration dates during the first quarter of 2026 and 2025, respectively.
