Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk.

(dollars in thousands)

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our market risk arises from interest rate risk inherent in our financial instruments and debt obligations. Interest rate risk results from the possibility that changes in interest rates will cause unfavorable changes in net income or in the value of interest rate-sensitive assets, liabilities and commitments. Lower interest rates tend to increase demand for mortgage loans for home purchasers, while higher interest rates make it more difficult for potential borrowers to purchase residential properties and to qualify for mortgage loans. We have no market rate sensitive instruments held for speculative or trading purposes.

We are exposed to interest rate risk as it relates to our fixed rate debt, primarily our Senior Notes and our variable rate credit facility and loan repurchase facility. Changes to interest rates generally affect the fair value of fixed-rate debt instruments, but not earnings or cash flows. For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally will not affect the fair value of the variable debt instruments but will affect earnings and cash flow. As of December 31, 2025, there was no debt outstanding under our credit facility or loan repurchase facility. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein for further discussion of these debt instruments.

Our mortgage banking segment is exposed to interest rate risk as it relates to its lending activities, including originating mortgage loans and providing rate lock commitments to borrowers. To mitigate the effect of the interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, we enter into optional or mandatory delivery forward sales contracts to sell whole loans and mortgage-backed securities to investors. The forward sales contracts lock-in a range of interest rates and prices for the sale of loans similar to the specific rate lock commitments. We do not engage in speculative derivative activities. All of the mortgage banking segment’s loan portfolio is held for sale and subject to forward sale commitments. See Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included herein for further discussion of these items.

The following table represents the contractual balances of our on-balance sheet financial instruments at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair values of those on-balance sheet financial instruments as of December 31, 2025. The expected maturity categories take into consideration the actual and anticipated amortization of principal and do not take into consideration the reinvestment of cash or the refinancing of existing indebtedness. Because we sell all of the mortgage loans we originate into the secondary markets, we have made the assumption that the portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale will mature in the first year.

(a) Represents the fair value recorded as of December 31, 2025.
