Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Management’s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (annual report), which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes, including various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, environmental and other matters arising during the normal course of business. We apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that affect our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. Ball Corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to collectively as “Ball Corporation,” “Ball,” “the company,” “we” or “our” in the following discussion and analysis.

OVERVIEW

Business Overview and Industry Trends

Ball Corporation is one of the world’s leading aluminum packaging suppliers. With a growth mindset and by pursuing operational excellence, we lean on our competitive strengths to reach our financial goals. We are focused on maintaining our strong financial position by listening to and partnering with our global customers, delivering operational efficiencies and an innovative product portfolio from our best-in-class manufacturing facilities and returning value to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. In the aluminum packaging industry, sales and earnings can be increased by reducing costs, increasing prices, developing new products, expanding volume and making strategic acquisitions.

We sell our aluminum packaging products mainly to large, multinational beverage, personal care and household products companies with which we have developed long-term relationships. This is evidenced by our high customer retention and our large number of long-term supply contracts. While we have a diversified customer base, we sell a significant portion of our packaging products to major companies and brands, as well as to numerous regional customers. The overall global aluminum packaging industry is growing and is expected to continue to grow in the medium to long term.

We purchase our raw materials from relatively few suppliers. We also have exposure to inflation, in particular the rising costs of raw materials, as well as other direct cost inputs. We mitigate our exposure to the changes in the costs of aluminum through the inclusion of provisions in contracts covering the majority of our volumes to pass-through aluminum price changes, as well as through the use of derivative instruments. The pass-through provisions generally result in proportional increases or decreases in sales and costs with a greatly reduced impact, if any, on net earnings; however, there may be timing differences of when the costs are passed through. Because of our customer and supplier concentration, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the loss, insolvency or bankruptcy of a major customer or supplier or a change in a supply agreement with a major customer or supplier, although our contract provisions generally mitigate the risk of customer loss, and our long-term relationships represent a known, stable customer base.

From time to time, we have evaluated and expect to continue to evaluate possible transactions that we believe will benefit the company and our shareholders, which may include strategic acquisitions, divestitures of parts of our company or equity investments. At any time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations at various stages of development with respect to one or more possible transactions or may have entered into non-binding letters of intent. As part of any such initiatives, we may participate in processes being run by other companies or leading our own activities.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Management’s discussion and analysis for our results of operations on a consolidated and segment basis include a quantification of factors that had a material impact. Other factors that did not have a material impact, but that are significant to understand the results, are qualitatively described.

Refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed on February 20, 2025, for a comparison of our 2024 results of operations to the 2023 results. On February 16, 2024, the company completed the divestiture of its aerospace business. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, the company reports its financial performance in three reportable segments: (1) beverage packaging, North and Central America; (2) beverage packaging, Europe, Middle East and Africa (beverage packaging, EMEA) and (3) beverage packaging, South America. See Note 1 for further information on the basis of presentation. As a result of the divestiture, prior periods disclosed herein reflect the aerospace business’ financial results as discontinued operations.

Consolidated Sales and Earnings

Sales in 2025 increased $1.37 billion compared to 2024 primarily due to increases of $713 million from higher volume , $579 million from price mix, primarily from higher aluminum prices, and $177 million from currency translation.

Net earnings attributable to Ball Corporation in 2025 decreased $3.10 billion compared to 2024 primarily due to decreases of $3.58 billion from discontinued operations, net of tax, $107 million from a higher provision for income taxes and $41 million from lower interest income in corporate undistributed expenses, net, partially offset by decreases in costs of $461 million from business consolidation and other activities, $82 million from lower incremental compensation costs related to the successful sale of the aerospace business in 2024 and $135 million from the results of the reportable segments discussed below .

When analyzing net earnings attributable to Ball Corporation as a percentage of net sales, it is important to note that net earnings attributable to Ball Corporation includes discontinued operations, net of tax resulting from the net sales attributable to the historical aerospace reportable segment through the date of the divestiture on February 16, 2024, that are now reported as discontinued operations. However, net sales attributable to the historical aerospace reportable segment are not included in the net sales figures in the table above.

Cost of Sales (Excluding Depreciation and Amortization)

Cost of sales, excluding depreciation and amortization, was $10.58 billion in 2025 compared to $9.35 billion in 2024. These amounts represented 80 percent and 79 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2025 and 2024, respectively. The increase year-over-year was primarily due to higher manufacturing costs, including higher raw materials costs of $1.09 billion, driven by higher aluminum prices and higher volume, and other items discussed in the reportable segments below.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense was $622 million in 2025 compared to $611 million in 2024. These amounts represented 5 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2025 and 2024.

Selling, General and Administrative

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) was $566 million in 2025 compared to $647 million in 2024. These amounts represented 4 percent and 5 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2025 and 2024, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to 2024 including $82 million of incremental cash bonuses and stock-based compensation cost from the successful sale of the aerospace business.

Business Consolidation and Other Activities

Business consolidation and other activities resulted in income of $41 million in 2025 compared to charges of $420 million in 2024. These amounts represented less than 1 percent and 4 percent of consolidated net sales for 2025 and 2024, respectively. The amounts in 2025 primarily include an $81 million gain related to the sale of the Saudi Arabian business and costs for previously announced facility closures and a loss related to the aluminum cups transaction. The 2024 amounts primarily relate to a $233 million noncash charge to adjust the carrying value of the aluminum cups business to its fair value less cost to sell and facility shutdown costs. Further details regarding business consolidation and other activities are provided in Note 6 .

Interest Income

Interest income was $30 million in 2025 compared to $68 million in 2024. These amounts represented less than 1 percent of consolidated net sales for the years ended 2025 and 2024. The decrease in interest income was primarily due to the higher amount of cash on hand in 2024 from the sale of the aerospace business.

Interest Expense

Interest expense was $314 million in 2025 compared to $293 million in 2024. Interest expense as a percentage of average borrowings decreased by approximately 30 basis points from 4.8 percent in 2024 to 4.5 percent in 2025. The interest expense increase was primarily driven by an increase of $42 million from a higher amount of weighted average principal outstanding during the year, resulting mainly from the issuance of new notes, partially offset by a decrease of $21 million from lower weighted average interest rates on outstanding debt during the year.

Tax Provision

The company’s effective tax rate is affected by recurring items such as income earned in non-U.S. jurisdictions with tax rates that differ from the U.S. tax rate and by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not consistent from year to year.

The 2025 effective income tax rate was 21.3 percent compared to 24.9 percent for 2024. As compared with the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2025 effective income tax rate was reduced by 4.2 percent for the impact of tax holidays and by 2.0 percent for the sale of the Saudi Arabian business. This reduction was offset by an increase of 2.4 percent for non-U.S. tax rate differences, 2.0 percent for direct withholding taxes, net of credits, and 1.3 percent for state and local income taxes. While these items are expected to recur, the potential magnitude of each item is uncertain.

Further details of taxes on income are provided in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report.

RESULTS OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Segment Results

Ball’s operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and geographical areas, and its operating results are presented in the three reportable segments discussed below.

Beverage Packaging, North and Central America

Ball acquired an aluminum beverage can manufacturing facility in Winter Haven, Florida, in the first quarter of 2025 as part of its acquisition of Florida Can Manufacturing and permanently ceased production at its aluminum beverage can manufacturing facility in Kent, Washington, in the first quarter of 2024. See Note 4 for further details on the acquisition.

Segment sales in 2025 were $667 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to increases of $291 million from higher volume and $375 million from price/mix.

Comparable operating earnings in 2025 were $25 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to an increase of $98 million from higher volumes, partially offset by decreases of $49 million from higher costs and $23 million from price/mix .

Beverage Packaging, EMEA

Segment sales in 2025 were $517 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to increases of $251 million from higher volume, $171 million from currency translation and $103 million from price/mix .

Comparable operating earnings in 2025 were $79 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to increases of $75 million from higher volume and $42 million from price/mix, partially offset by $62 million higher costs.

Beverage Packaging, South America

Segment sales in 2025 were $211 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to increases of $136 million from higher volume and $73 million from price/mix.

Comparable operating earnings in 2025 were $31 million higher compared to 2024 primarily due to an increase of $52 million from higher volume and $39 million from price/mix, partially offset by a decrease of $60 million from higher costs.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

For information regarding the company’s significant accounting policies, as well as recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 and Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report.

The company considers certain accounting estimates to be critical, as their application is made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations. Detailed below is a discussion of why, to the extent the estimate is material, these estimates are subject to uncertainty and the sensitivity of the reported amounts to the methods and assumptions underlying the estimate’s calculation.

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

The company has defined benefit plans which require management to make assumptions relating to the long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates used to determine the present value of future obligations and expenses, salary inflation rates, mortality rates and other assumptions. The company believes the accounting estimates related to its pension plans are critical accounting estimates because several of the company’s defined benefit plans have significant asset and liability balances, and because the assumptions used are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions and contracted benefit changes. These assumptions do not change during the company’s fiscal year unless a remeasurement event occurs in one of the plans, such as a significant settlement. The assumptions used in accounting for the company’s defined benefit plans and how they have changed over time, as well as the sensitivity of the plans to changes in their related assumptions, can be found in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report.

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Cash Flows and Capital Expenditures

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash provided by operating activities and external borrowings. We believe that cash flows from operating activities, even in the absence of operating cash flows from the historical aerospace reportable segment, and cash provided by short-term, long-term and committed revolver borrowings, when necessary, will be sufficient to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, dividend payments, anticipated share repurchases and anticipated capital expenditures. The following table summarizes our cash flows:

Cash flows from the historical aerospace reportable segment are presented within each cash flow statement category in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures and significant operating and investing noncash items of the aerospace discontinued operation are presented in Note 4 .

Cash flows provided by operating activities were $1.26 billion in 2025, primarily driven by earnings from continuing operations of $915 million, along with reconciling adjustments to operating cash flows of $478 million and working capital outflows of $131 million. We have estimated a total cash tax of $830 million for the sale of the aerospace business, of which $766 million was paid in 2024 and $168 million was paid in 2025. In January 2026, the company received a refund of $104 million related to these payments. See Note 4 for further details. In a dynamic economic environment, payment terms with our customers and vendors become a more important element of total mix of information used to negotiate our contract terms. At December 31, 2025, a change of one day in days sales outstanding will impact cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities by $37 million, a change of one day in days payable outstanding will impact cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities by $30 million and a change of one day in days inventory on hand will impact cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities by $30 million.

Cash flows used in investing activities were $656 million in 2025, primarily driven by capital expenditures of $474 million, $160 million of cash consideration used for the acquisition of Florida Can Manufacturing and $99 million of derivative settlements, partially offset by $32 million from dispositions.

Cash flows used in financing activities were $344 million in 2025, primarily driven by net borrowings of long-term and short-term borrowings of $1.23 billion, offset by repurchases of common stock of $1.32 billion and dividends of $220 million. See Note 15 for further details on the company’s borrowings and additional amounts available.

We have entered into several regional accounts receivable factoring programs with various financial institutions for certain of our accounts receivables. The programs are accounted for as true sales of the receivables, with limited recourse to Ball, and had combined limits of approximately $1.82 billion and $1.60 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. A total of $364 million and $428 million were available for sale under these programs as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The company has recorded $38 million, $44 million and $93 million of expense related to its factoring programs in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and has presented these amounts in selling, general and administrative in its consolidated statements of earnings.

The company has several regional supplier finance programs with various financial institutions that act as the paying agent for certain payables of the company. The amount of obligations outstanding that the company confirmed as valid to the financial institutions under the company's programs was $424 million and $423 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our payment terms are not dependent on whether the suppliers participate in the supplier finance programs or if the suppliers decide to factor their receivables with the financial institutions; therefore, we do not believe that future changes in the availability of supplier finance programs will have a significant impact on our liquidity.

Contributions to the company’s defined benefit pension plans were $43 million and $32 million for the years ended 2025 and 2024, respectively. Contributions are expected to be approximately $29 million for the full year of 2026. This estimate may change based on changes in the Pension Protection Act, actual plan asset performance and available company cash flow, among other factors.

As of December 31, 2025, approximately $1.00 billion of our cash was held outside of the U.S. In the event that we would need to utilize any of the cash held outside of the U.S. for purposes within the U.S., there are no material legal or other economic restrictions regarding the repatriation of cash from any of the countries outside the U.S. where we have cash. The company believes its U.S. operating cash flows and cash on hand, as well as availability under its long-term, revolving credit facilities, uncommitted short-term credit facilities and accounts receivable factoring programs, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of the U.S. portion of our ongoing operations, scheduled principal and interest payments on U.S. debt, dividend payments, capital expenditures and other U.S. cash requirements. If non-U.S. funds are needed for our U.S. cash requirements and we are unable to provide the funds through intercompany financing arrangements, we may be required to repatriate funds from non-U.S. locations where the company has previously asserted indefinite reinvestment of funds outside the U.S.

Based on its indefinite reinvestment assertion, the company has not provided deferred taxes on earnings in certain non-U.S. subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in its international operations. It is not practical to estimate the additional taxes that might become payable if these earnings were remitted to the U.S.

Share Repurchases

The company’s share repurchases were $1.32 billion in 2025 and $1.71 billion in 2024. The repurchases were completed using cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from the sale of businesses and available borrowings. The company plans to continue capital return to shareholders via an estimated $600 million in share repurchases in 2026.

On January 29, 2025, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase by the company of up to a total of $4.00 billion in shares of its common stock. This repurchase authorization replaced all previous authorizations. At December 31, 2025, $2.93 billion remains available to be repurchased .

Debt Facilities and Refinancing

Given our cash flow projections and unused credit facilities that are available until June 2030, our liquidity is strong and is expected to meet our ongoing cash and debt service requirements. Total debt of $7.01 billion and $5.69 billion was outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

On November 25, 2025 Ball refinanced its existing senior credit facilities which were previously amended in 2022. The company’s senior credit facilities include a $1.50 billion term loan and long-term multi-currency revolving facilities that mature in November 2030, which provide the company with up to U.S. dollar equivalent of $2.00 billion. On November 17, 2025, Ball redeemed all of the outstanding principal of the $750 million of 6.875% senior notes due in March 2028. On December 15, 2025, Ball redeemed all of the outstanding principal of the $256 million of 4.875% senior notes due in March 2026.

In August 2025, Ball issued $750 million of 5.50% senior notes due in 2033 and repaid the outstanding U.S. dollar revolving credit facility due in 2027 in the amount of $600 million, as well as the outstanding multi-currency revolving credit facility due in 2027 of $100 million.

In July 2025, Ball repaid at maturity the outstanding 5.25% senior notes due in the amount of $189 million.

In May 2025, Ball issued €850 million of 4.25% senior notes due in 2032 and repaid a portion of the U.S. dollar revolving credit facility due in 2027 in the amount of $500 million, as well as the outstanding multi-currency revolving credit facility due in 2027 of $200 million.

At December 31, 2025, approximately $1.95 billion was available under the company’s long-term, multi-currency committed revolving credit facilities. The company also had approximately $998 million of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at December 31, 2025, of which $19 million was outstanding and due on demand. At December 31, 2024, the company had $109 million of committed short-term loans outstanding and a $24 million short-term finance lease outstanding.

While ongoing financial and economic conditions in certain areas may raise concerns about credit risk with counterparties to derivative transactions, the company mitigates its exposure by allocating the risk among various counterparties and limiting exposure to any one party. We also monitor the credit ratings of our suppliers, customers, lenders and counterparties on a regular basis.

We were in compliance with the leverage ratio requirement at December 31, 2025, and for all prior years presented, and have met all debt payment obligations. The U.S. note agreements and bank credit agreement contain certain restrictions relating to dividend payments, share repurchases, investments, financial ratios, guarantees and the incurrence of additional indebtedness. The most restrictive of our debt covenants requires us to maintain a leverage ratio (as defined) of no greater than 4.5 times. As of December 31, 2025, the company could borrow an additional $2.66 billion, without violating its debt covenants, under its long-term multi-currency committed revolving facilities and short-term uncommitted credit facilities. Additional details about our debt are available in Note 15 accompanying the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report. In 2024 and 2025, we entered into and designated net investment hedges against the net assets of our euro denominated operations. See Note 21 for further details.

Saudi Arabia

In August 2025, the company sold 41 percent of its share in Ball United Arab Can Manufacturing Company, which resulted in deconsolidation upon closing of the transaction. See Note 4 for further details.

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

In November 2023, the Trustee Board of the U.K. defined benefit pension plan entered into an agreement with an insurance company for a bulk annuity purchase, or “buy-in,” for its U.K. defined benefit pension plan to reduce retirement plan risk, while delivering promised benefits to plan participants. The plan was frozen on April 5, 2024. See Note 17 for further details.

Other Liquidity Measures

The company expects that 2026 capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment will likely be in the range of $600 million and we intend to return approximately $210 million to shareholders in the form of dividends. We further intend to utilize our operating cash flows, when available, to repurchase Ball common stock or fund acquisitions that meet our rate of return criteria.

We have committed contracts to purchase raw materials and we align these purchase commitments with long-term sales contracts with our customers such that any commitment to purchase aluminum and other direct materials corresponds to a contractual sale. These sales contracts include pass-through provisions which generally result in proportional changes in both sales and costs of sales ; however, there may be timing differences of when the costs are passed through .

The company’s growth and asset maintenance plans require capital expenditures over the coming years, which will be funded by operating cash flows and external borrowings. Approximately $320 million of capital expenditures were contractually committed as of December 31, 2025. Maturities for Ball’s long-term debt are disclosed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report. Repayments of debt and other operational cash requirements will also be funded by operating cash flows and external borrowings.

CONTINGENCIES, INDEMNIFICATIONS AND GUARANTEES

Details of the company’s contingencies, legal proceedings, indemnifications and guarantees are available in Note 22 and Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report. The company is routinely subject to litigation incidental to operating its businesses and has been designated by various federal, state, and international environmental agencies as a potentially responsible party, along with numerous other companies, for the clean-up of several hazardous waste sites. The company believes the matters identified will not have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity, results of operations or financial condition.

Guaranteed Securities

The company’s senior notes are guaranteed on a full and unconditional, joint and several basis by the issuer of the company’s senior notes and the subsidiaries that guarantee the notes (the obligor group). The entities that comprise the obligor group are 100 percent owned by the company. As described in the supplemental indentures governing the company’s existing senior notes, the senior notes are guaranteed by any of the company’s domestic subsidiaries that guarantee any other indebtedness of the company.

The following summarized financial information relates to the obligor group as of and for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Intercompany transactions, equity investments and other intercompany activity between obligor group subsidiaries have been eliminated from the summarized financial information. Investments in subsidiaries not forming part of the obligor group have also been eliminated.

Included in the amounts disclosed in the tables above, at December 31, 2025, the obligor group held receivables due from other subsidiary companies of $503 million, long-term notes receivable due from other subsidiary companies of $9.93 billion, payables due to other subsidiary companies of $1.09 billion and long-term notes payable due to other subsidiary companies of $4.97 billion.

For the years ended December 31, 2025, the obligor group recorded the following transactions with other subsidiary companies: sales to them of $736 million, net credits from them of $68 million, and net interest income from them of $250 million.

A description of the terms and conditions of the company’s debt guarantees is located in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements within Item 8 of this annual report.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report and other public filings, earnings news releases, quarterly earnings conference calls and other written and oral communications made by Ball contain statements which are not historical facts and constitute “forward-looking” statements as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”). F orward-looking statements are generally statements that express or imply an expectation or belief concerning future events or financial performance. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “will,” “believe,” “continue,” “goal” and similar expressions typically identify forward looking statements. Such statements are based on current expectations or views of the future and are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied. Ball undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and you should therefore not place undue reliance upon such statements. Rather, these statements involve estimates, assumptions uncertainties and known and unknown risks, many of which are outside our control, and such statements are therefore qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors listed below and the risks discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Additional important factors include among others: supply and demand constraints, fluctuations and changes in consumption patterns; availability/cost of raw materials, equipment, and logistics; competitive packaging, pricing and substitution; power and supply chain interruptions; customer and supplier consolidation; changes in major customer or supplier contracts or loss of a major customer or supplier; inability to pass-through increased costs; footprint adjustments and other manufacturing changes, including the opening and closing of facilities and lines; failure to achieve synergies, productivity improvements or cost reductions; war, political instability, sanctions, and other uncertainties surrounding geopolitical events and governmental policies including relating to the situation in Russia and Ukraine and its impact on Ball’s operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa regions; changes in foreign exchange or tax rates; tariffs, trade actions, or other governmental actions; unfavorable mandatory deposit or packaging laws; regulatory actions or issues including those related to tax, environmental regulation, social and governance reporting, competition, health and workplace safety, including governmental actions or public concerns affecting products filled in Ball’s containers, or chemicals or substances used in raw materials or in the manufacturing process; changes in climate and weather and related events such as drought, wildfires, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and floods; the extent to which sustainability-related opportunities arise and can be capitalized upon; changes in senior management, succession, and the ability to attract and retain skilled labor; strikes; disease; pandemic; labor cost changes; technological developments and innovations; the ability to manage cyber threats; litigation; inflation; pension changes; changes in the rates of return on assets of Ball’s defined benefit retirement plans; reduced cash flow; interest rates affecting Ball’s debt; successful or unsuccessful joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures, and their effects on Ball’s operating results and business generally.
