ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In addition to the following proceedings, PG&E Corporation and the Utility are parties to various lawsuits and regulatory proceedings in the ordinary course of their business. For more information regarding material lawsuits and proceedings, see “Litigation and Other Matters” in Item 7. MD&A, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Notes 9, 14, and 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 .

SEC rules require disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions that the company reasonably believes will exceed a specified threshold. Consistent with SEC rules, each of PG&E Corporation and the Utility has elected to use $1 million as the quantitative threshold for disclosure of such proceedings.

CZU Lightning Complex Fire Notices of Violation

Between November 2020 and January 2021, several governmental entities raised concerns regarding the Utility’s emergency response to the 2020 CZU Lightning Complex fire, including Cal Fire, the California Coastal Commission, the Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board, and the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors alleging environmental, vegetation management, and unpermitted work violations. The Utility continues to work with the California Coastal Commission and the Central Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board to resolve any outstanding issues. Violations can result in penalties, remediation, and other relief.

Based on the information available, PG&E Corporation and the Utility believe it is probable that a liability has been incurred. Accordingly, PG&E Corporation and the Utility have recorded charges for amounts that are not material. PG&E Corporation and the Utility do not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material impact on their financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

Butte Canal Breach

On August 9, 2023, a canal in Butte County owned by the Utility breached. The Central Valley Regional Water Quality Control Board has alleged environmental violations in connection with the breach. Violations can result in penalties, remediation, and other relief.

Based on the information available, PG&E Corporation and the Utility believe it is probable that a liability has been incurred, but the amount of the liability is not reasonably estimable. PG&E Corporation and the Utility do not believe that the resolution of this matter will have a material impact on their financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

The following individuals serve as executive officers of PG&E Corporation and the Utility (as applicable), as of February 11, 2026.

PART II
