ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We have operations both within the United States and globally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including the effects of interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations. Information relating to quantitative and qualitative disclosures about these market risks is described below.

Equity Price Risk

Marketable Equity Investments

Our marketable equity investments are investments held in publicly-traded companies and are measured using quoted prices in active markets which could result in volatility in our financial results in future periods. As of December 31, 2025, our marketable equity investments were immaterial. Adjustments are recorded in other (expense) income, net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the fair value of our marketable equity investments would not have a material effect on our financial results.

Non-Marketable Equity Investments

Our non-marketable equity investments are investments in privately-held companies that we hold for purposes other than trading. These investments are inherently risky because there is no established market for these securities and the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages. As such, we could lose our entire investment in these companies. Adjustments are recorded in other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments included in other non-current assets was $423.2 million. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments would not have a material effect on our financial results.

Bitcoin Market Price Risk

Our bitcoin investment is measured using observed prices from active exchanges and adjustments are recorded in net income through “Remeasurement loss (gain) on bitcoin investment” on the consolidated statements of operations. The bitcoin market price may fluctuate significantly and a decline in the market price of bitcoin could result in a material and adverse effect on our financial results in future periods. As of December 31, 2025, the fair value of our bitcoin investment was $777.5 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized a $55.9 million loss and a $420.9 million gain, respectively, from the remeasurement of our bitcoin investment.

Interest Rate Sensitivity

Our cash and cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities as of December 31, 2025 were held primarily in certificates of deposits, money market funds, U.S. government and agency securities, commercial paper, and corporate bonds. The fair value of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities would not be significantly affected by either an increase or decrease in interest rates due mainly to the short-term nature of a majority of these instruments. Additionally, we have the ability to hold these instruments until maturity if necessary to reduce our risk. Our Warehouse Facilities borrowings and any future borrowings incurred under the Credit Agreement both accrue interest at variable rates based on formulas tied to certain market rates at the time of incurrence. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial results.

Foreign Currency Risk

Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Most of our revenue is earned in U.S. dollars and, subsequent to the acquisition of Afterpay, a portion is earned in Australian Dollars. Our exposure to other foreign currencies would not have a material effect on our financial results. Our foreign operations are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which our operations are located, and may be subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and may cause us to recognize transaction gains and losses on our financial statements.

From time to time, we use foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to changes in currency exchange rates, which result from our global operating and financing activities. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, as well as foreign exchange forward contracts, were not significant for any period presented in the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. We did not have any material gains and losses from foreign currency derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2025. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in current exchange rates on our financial instruments would not have a material effect on our financial results.
