ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

BLOCK, INC.

INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Block, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Block, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2019.

San Francisco, California

February 26, 2026

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Block, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Block, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Block, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Francisco, California

February 26, 2026

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(i) Includes benefits from income taxes of $ 1.9 billion in fiscal 2024 related to both the release of the Company's valuation allowance associated with certain federal and state deferred tax assets as well as the recognition of deferred tax assets as part of internal legal entity restructuring efforts. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(In thousands)

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Continued

(In thousands)

The accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of this statement.

BLOCK, INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Business

Block, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "Block" or the "Company") creates tools that empower businesses, sellers, and individuals to participate in the economy. Block is comprised of two reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Square is a cohesive commerce ecosystem that helps sellers start, run, and grow their businesses, including enabling sellers to accept card payments, provide reporting and analytics, and facilitating next-day settlement. Square’s point-of-sale software and other business services help sellers manage inventory, locations, and employees; access financial services; engage buyers; build a website or online store; and grow sales. Cash App is an ecosystem of financial products and services focused on helping consumers make their money go further by enabling customers to store, send, receive, spend, invest, buy now, pay later ("BNPL"), borrow, or save their money. Cash App seeks to redefine the world’s relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible.

Block was founded in 2009 and has offices globally. The Company operates under a distributed work model and does not designate a headquarters location.

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Block and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Minority interests are recorded as a noncontrolling interest, which is reported as a component of stockholders' equity on the consolidated balance sheets.

Reclassifications

Certain prior period amounts reported in our consolidated statements of operations and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

The reclassifications in the consolidated statements of operations primarily represent changes to present revenue line items consisting of Commerce enablement, Financial solutions, and Bitcoin ecosystem. The Company believes this updated presentation will improve the usefulness of the financial information for the reader and is more reflective of the business today.

The presentation of cost of revenues has been conformed to reflect the changes related to the presentation of revenues. Such reclassifications related to the presentation of revenues and cost of revenues had no impact on total revenues, gross profit, operating income, or net income previously reported.

Refer to Significant Accounting Policies below for further details on the Company’s revenue recognition and cost of revenue.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from the Company’s estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, the Company’s financial condition or operating results will be materially affected. The Company bases its estimates on current and past experience, to the extent that historical experience is predictive of future performance and other assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The Company evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis.

Estimates, judgments, and assumptions in these consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to accrued transaction losses, contingencies, including outcomes from claims and disputes, valuation of loans held for sale, valuation of goodwill and acquired intangible assets, determination of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, determination of allowance for credit losses for loans held for investment, determination of allowance for credit losses for consumer receivables, allocation of acquired goodwill to reporting units, income and other taxes, operating lease right-of-use assets and related liabilities, severance and restructuring charges, and share-based compensation.

The Company's estimates of valuation of loans held for sale, allowance for credit losses associated with consumer receivables and loans held for investment, and accrued transaction losses are based on historical experience, adjusted for market data relevant to the current economic environment. The Company will continue to update its estimates as developments occur and additional information is obtained. Refer to Note 5, Fair Value Measurements for further details on amortized cost and fair value of the loans; Note 6, Consumer Receivables, net for further details on consumer receivables; Note 7, Customer Loans for further details on customer loans, and Note 11, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Current) for further details on transaction losses.

Concentration of Credit Risk

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company had no customer that accounted for greater than 10% of total net revenue.

As of December 31, 2025, the Compa ny had four third-party payment processors that represented approximately 36 %, 25 %, 11 % and 10 % of settlements receivable, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had three third-party payment processors that represented approximately 42 %, 17 %, and 13 % of settlements receivable, respectively. In both years, all other third-party processors were insignificant. Certain of the Company's products are reliant on third-party service providers such as partner banks, card issuers, and payment service providers. The Company's relationships with third-party service providers may result in operational concentration risks for some of these products.

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable debt securities, settlements receivable, customer funds, consumer receivables, loans held for sale, and loans held for investment. To mitigate the risk of concentration associated with cash and cash equivalents, as well as restricted cash, funds are held with creditworthy institutions and, at certain times, temporarily swept into insured programs overnight to reduce single firm concentration risk. Amounts on deposit may exceed federal deposit insurance limits. The associated risk of concentration for marketable debt securities is mitigated by holding a diversified portfolio of highly rated investments. Settlements receivable are amounts due from well-established payment processing companies and normally take one or two business days to settle which mitigates the associated risk of concentration. The associated risk of concentration for loans and consumer receivables is partially mitigated by credit evaluations that are performed prior to facilitating the offering of loans and receivables and ongoing performance monitoring of the Company’s loan customers.

Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810, Consolidation (“ASC 810”), there are two models for determining whether a subsidiary is to be consolidated. Under the voting interest model, we consolidate entities where we are deemed to have a controlling financial interest. We also consolidate any variable interest entity (“VIE”) where we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party that has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. As described in Note 14, Indebtedness , we have formed wholly owned Warehouse Special Purpose Entities ("SPEs"), which qualify as VIEs under ASC 810. We have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of all Warehouse SPEs, which we therefore consolidate. We evaluate our relationships with all the VIEs on an ongoing basis to determine if we continue to be the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $ 426.9 million and $ 402.9 million, respectively, in restricted cash related to VIE's. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company has elected a policy to exclude from the transaction price all sales taxes assessed by governmental authorities and, as a result, revenue is presented net of tax. For the Company's lending products, revenue is recognized over the life of the loan or receivable.

Commerce Enablement Revenue

Commerce enablement revenue is primarily comprised of revenue the Company generates from transaction fees related to Square payments, software, and hardware, Cash App Card, Cash App Pay, the Company’s BNPL products, Cash App Business accounts, TIDAL, and various other software as a service (“SaaS”) products.

The Company charges its sellers a transaction fee for managed payments solutions that is generally calculated as a percentage of the total transaction amount processed. The Company selectively offers custom pricing for certain large sellers. The Company collects the transaction amount from the seller's customer's bank, net of acquiring interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions. The Company retains its fees and remits the net amount to the sellers.

The Company acts as the merchant of record for its sellers and works directly with payment card networks and banks so that its sellers do not need to manage the complex systems, rules, and requirements of the payments industry. The Company satisfies its performance obligations and therefore recognizes the transaction fees as revenue upon authorization of a transaction by the seller's customer's bank.

Revenue is recognized net of refunds, which arise from reversals of transactions initiated by sellers.

The transaction fees collected from sellers are recognized as revenue on a gross basis as the Company is the principal in the delivery of the managed payments solutions to the sellers. The Company has concluded it is the principal because as the merchant of record, it controls the services before delivery to the seller, it is primarily responsible for the delivery of the services to its sellers, and it has discretion in setting prices charged to sellers. The Company also has the unilateral ability to accept or reject a transaction based on criteria established by the Company. As the merchant of record, Square is liable for the costs of processing the transactions for its sellers, and records such costs within cost of revenue.

Revenue from Square hardware includes revenue from sales of magstripe readers, contactless and chip readers, Square Stand, Square Register, Square Terminal, and third-party peripherals. Third-party peripherals include cash drawers, receipt printers, scales, and barcode scanners, all of which can be integrated with Square Stand, Square Register, or Square Terminal to provide a comprehensive point-of-sale solution. The Company generates revenue through the sale of Square hardware through e-commerce and through its retail distribution channels. The Company satisfies its performance obligation upon delivery of Square hardware to its customers which include end user customers, distributors, and retailers. The Company allows for customer returns, which are accounted for as variable consideration. The Company estimates these amounts based on historical experience and reduces revenue recognized. The Company invoices end user customers upon delivery of the products to customers, and payments from such customers are due upon invoicing. Distributors and retailers have payment terms that range from 30 to 90 days after delivery.

SaaS represents software products and solutions that provide customers with access to various technologies for a fee, which is recognized as revenue ratably as the service is provided. The Company's contracts with customers are generally for a term of one month and renew automatically each month. The Company invoices its customers monthly. The Company considers that it satisfies its performance obligations over time each month as it provides the SaaS services to customers and hence recognizes revenue ratably over the month.

The Company also charges certain Cash App customers making peer-to-peer transactions using business accounts, or funding transactions with a credit card, a transaction fee that is generally calculated as a percentage of the total transaction amount processed. The Company collects the transaction amount from the customer's Cash App account, net of incurring interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions. The Company retains its fees and remits the net amount to the customers. The Company satisfies its performance obligation upon settlement of the transaction to the customer.

Cash App Card offers customers the ability to store funds in Cash App and subsequently use these funds via a Visa debit card that is linked to the balance the customer stores in Cash App. The Company earns interchange fees when a Cash App Card is used to make a purchase, which are paid by the merchant's bank and subsequently passed through to the Company by its third-party partners. Revenue is recognized for a Cash App Card transaction when charged and the Company has successfully authorized the transaction. The Company recognizes interchange revenue as a principal in the arrangement based on its control over the transaction authorization and third-party partners used to fulfill the transaction settlement.

Cash App Pay offers Cash App customers the ability to make payments, without a physical card, using their stored funds directly to eligible merchants that have enabled Cash App as a checkout option. The Company earns processing fees directly from merchants or its integrated third-party payment service provider, typically calculated as a percentage of the transaction volume plus a fixed fee per transaction. The Company recognizes processing revenues as the principal in the arrangement to complete the payment transaction.

Through our BNPL products, consumers can pay for their purchases over time by splitting their purchase price into generally three or four installments, typically due in two-week increments, without paying fees (if payments are made on time). The Company generally pays the seller the full order value upfront, less taxes, if applicable, and less a merchant fee, which consists of fixed and variable rates as contracted with the sellers. The Company also incurs other costs such as fees paid to third-party partners and processing fees to complete the consumer purchase transaction. The Company generally assumes non-repayment risk from the consumers. The Company initially recognizes a consumer receivable equal to net amounts paid to the seller plus any costs incurred to originate the consumer receivable. The Company recognizes the merchant fee less costs incurred to originate the consumer receivables as revenue using the effective interest method over the life of the consumer receivable. The effective interest rate is determined based on estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the consumer receivable, having consideration for the historical repayment pattern of the consumer receivables on a portfolio basis. For the majority of the Company's BNPL products, consumers are not charged interest or fees, other than late fees which may be charged in certain regions by the Company as an incentive to encourage consumers to pay their outstanding balances as and when they fall due. The Company also offers the ability for consumers to pay for larger transaction sizes over a three -, six -, twelve -, or twenty-four-month period using a monthly payment option, which includes no late fees and no compounding interest with a cap on total interest owed. The Company sells certain consumer receivables to a third-party investor and records the gain or loss on sale as revenue within commerce enablement revenue. Additionally, the Company is retained to service the consumer receivables and earns a servicing fee, which is recorded within commerce enablement revenue as the services are delivered. Additionally, the Company offers a post-purchase option ("Afterpay Post-Purchase"), which allows Cash App users to retroactively convert purchases into installment payments, typically due over a three to four week period, for which the Company charges a flat finance fee that is recognized as revenue over the life of the loan.

Through its BNPL products, the Company also has an ads and affiliate program for its merchants. For affiliate relationships, the Company receives a commission when a consumer completes a purchase using its BNPL products, which is recognized as a fee earned in connection with the origination of a consumer receivable and recognized as revenue using the effective interest method. The Company may also receive digital advertising revenue on clicks, typically earned on a cost per click (“CPC”) basis, to merchant sites through its BNPL products, in addition to flat fees for premium ad placements. Revenue from CPC arrangements are generally recognized in the period the user click is delivered.

TIDAL primarily generates revenue from subscriptions to its customers, and such subscriptions allow access to the song library, video library, and improved sound quality. Customers can subscribe to services directly from the TIDAL website, through the Apple store, or through Google Play. With both offerings, the Company charges customers a monthly fee for those subscription services, which is recognized ratably as revenue as the service is provided.

Financial Solutions Revenue

Financial solutions revenue is primarily comprised of revenue the Company generates from Cash App Instant Deposit, ATM withdrawal fees, Cash App Borrow, interest earned on customer funds, and Square Loans.

Instant Deposit is a functionality within Cash App and the Company's managed payments solution that enables customers, including individuals and sellers, to instantly deposit funds into their bank accounts for a percentage-based fee of the amounts deposited. Additionally, the Company charges the customer a per transaction fee when they instantly deposit funds to their bank account or withdraw funds from an ATM. Revenue related to Instant Deposit and ATM withdrawal fees is recognized upon settlement of the transaction. While the Company is restricted from using the stored funds in the Company's operations, the Company may invest a portion of these funds in short-term marketable debt securities to generate interest income which is reported as revenue. Interest earned on customer funds related to Cash App Card was $ 192.1 million, $ 185.2 million, and $ 142.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Cash App Borrow allows customers to access short-term loans for a fee. The loans are repaid at the end of the loan term and customers may elect to prepay all or a part of the outstanding balance. If the outstanding balance is not paid when due, late fees in the form of interest may be charged. Historically, these short-term loans were facilitated through a partnership with a third-party industrial bank. The loans were originated by the bank partner, from whom the Company purchased the loans obtaining all rights, title, and interest. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, the Company also began originating Cash App Borrow loans through the Company's subsidiary, Square Financial Services, Inc. ("Square Financial Services"), which is an industrial loan company. Net amounts paid to the bank are recorded as the cost of the loans purchased, and amounts collected in excess of the carrying value are recognized as revenue over the life of the loans.

Square Loans facilitates loans to qualified Square sellers through Square Financial Services. The loans are either repaid through withholding a percentage of the collections of the seller's receivables processed by the Company ("flex loans") or a specified monthly amount ("term loans"). The Company generally utilizes a pre-qualification process that includes an analysis of the aggregated data of the seller’s business which includes, but is not limited to, the seller’s historical processing volumes, transaction count, chargebacks, growth, and length of time as a Square customer. Generally, the loans have no stated coupon rate but the seller is charged a one-time origination fee based upon their risk rating, which is derived primarily from processing activity. For some of the loans, it is the Company’s intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest of these loans to third-party investors for an upfront fee when the loans are sold. The Company records the amounts advanced to the customers or the net amounts paid to purchase the loans as the cost of the loans. Subsequently, the Company records a gain on sale of the loans to the third-party investors as revenue upon transfer of title. The Company is retained by the third-party investors to service the loans and earns a servicing fee for facilitating the repayment of these loans through its managed payments solutions. The Company records servicing revenue as servicing is delivered. For the loans which are not immediately sold to third-party investors or for which the Company has the intent and ability to hold through maturity, interest and fees earned are recognized as revenue using the effective interest method.

Bitcoin Ecosystem Revenue

Bitcoin ecosystem revenue primarily consists of revenue the Company generates from customer purchases of bitcoin within Cash App, Proto, and bitcoin withdrawal fees.

The Company offers its Cash App customers the ability to purchase bitcoin, a cryptocurrency denominated asset, from the Company. The Company satisfies its performance obligation and records revenue when bitcoin is transferred to the customer's account. The Company purchases bitcoin from private broker dealers or from Cash App customers and applies a marginal fee before selling it to its customers. The amounts received from customers and exchanges are recorded as revenue on a gross basis and the associated bitcoin cost as cost of revenues, as the Company is the principal in the bitcoin sale transaction. The Company has concluded it is the principal because it controls the bitcoin before delivery to the customers, it is primarily responsible for the delivery of the bitcoin to the customers, it is exposed to risks arising from fluctuations of the market price of bitcoin before delivery to customers, and has discretion in setting prices charged to customers.

Proto revenue is primarily from the sale of mining systems to a customer engaged in bitcoin mining activities. A mining system comprises a chassis unit with a 6- or 9-hashboard configuration containing Company-developed mining chips. The Company recognizes revenue from mining system sales when control of the completed system transfers to the customer, which is at the point in time the system is delivered to the customer. The majority of the transaction price is due prior to shipment, and the sale of mining systems is not subject to a return policy. The Company offers a standard product warranty that the product will operate under normal use for a period of one year.

Bitcoin withdrawal is a functionality within Cash App that enables customers to withdraw bitcoin stored on Cash App to a third-party wallet. The Company charges customers a fee for the option of faster withdrawal speeds.

Cost of Revenue

Commerce Enablement Costs

Commerce enablement costs consist primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees, and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions, as well as costs associated with the Company’s BNPL products, TIDAL, and Square hardware and software.

Financial Solutions Costs

Financial solutions costs consist primarily of partnership fees related to Cash App, including Instant Deposit and ATM withdrawals.

Bitcoin Ecosystem Costs

Bitcoin ecosystem costs primarily consist of the total amount the Company pays to purchase bitcoin that is sold to customers, which fluctuate in line with revenue related to customer purchases of bitcoin, as well as costs associated with Proto.

Amortization of Acquired Technology Assets

Amortization of acquired technology assets is primarily comprised of amortization related to the acquired technology assets from the acquisition of Afterpay.

Other Costs

Generally, other costs such as personnel-related costs, rent, and occupancy charges are not allocated to cost of revenues and are reflected in operating expenses and are not material.

Severance and Other Restructuring Expenses

The Company records severance-related expenses once they are both probable and estimable in accordance with the provisions of the applicable accounting guidance for severance provided under an ongoing benefit arrangement. One-time involuntary benefit arrangements and other costs are generally recognized in the period in which the liability is incurred. The Company recorded $ 78.6 million, $ 26.8 million, and $ 104.0 million of severance and other related expenses for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, as part of product development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative within the Company's operating expenses. The Company also assesses its assets for impairment in connection with restructuring and other exit activities when the carrying amount of the related assets may not be fully recoverable, in accordance with the appropriate accounting guidance.

Sales and Marketing Expenses

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in sales and marketing expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Total advertising costs for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 478.4 million, $ 338.1 million, a nd $ 360.1 million, respectively. The Company also records services, incentives, and other costs to acquire customers that are not directly related to a revenue generating transaction as sales and marketing expenses, as the Company considers these to be marketing costs to encourage the usage of Cash App. These expenses include, but are not limited to, Cash App peer-to-peer processing costs and related transaction losses, card issuance costs, customer referral bonuses, and promotional giveaways. These costs are expensed as incurred. The Company recorded $ 904.0 million, $ 889.9 million, and $ 898.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, for such expenses.

Share-based Compensation

Share-based compensation expense relates to stock options, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), and purchases under the Company’s Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), which is measured based on the grant-date fair value. The fair value of RSUs is determined by the closing price of the Company’s common stock on each grant date. The fair value of stock options and ESPP shares granted to employees is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option valuation model. This share-based compensation expense valuation model requires the Company to make assumptions and judgments regarding the variables used in the calculation. These variables include the expected term (weighted-average period of time that the options granted are expected to be outstanding), the expected volatility of the Company’s stock, expected risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. The Company uses historical exercise information and contractual terms of options to estimate the expected term. Expected volatility is a blend of implied volatility based on publicly traded options on our common stock and historical volatility based on a weighted-average of the historical volatilities of the Company's common stock. The expected risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected life of the option. Generally, share-based compensation expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. RSUs typically vest over a term of four years . The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur.

Interest Income and Expense

Interest income consists of interest income from the Company's investment in marketable debt securities and was $ 127.1 million, $ 156.2 million, and $ 126.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Interest expense consists primarily of the Company's long-term debt and was $ 256.4 million and $ 165.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Interest expense was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2023.

Foreign Currency

The functional currency for most subsidiaries outside of the United States is the local currency. For purposes of the Company's consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of these subsidiaries, including goodwill and acquired intangible assets, are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. Gains and losses resulting from these translations are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Revenue, expenses, and gains or losses are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates for each period.

Gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are recognized as a component of Other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations.

Income Taxes

The Company reports income taxes under the asset and liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax amounts are determined by using the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance reduces the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The Company considers historical information, tax planning strategies, the expected timing of the reversal of existing temporary differences, and may rely on financial projections to support its position on the recoverability of deferred tax assets. The Company’s judgment regarding future profitability contains significant assumptions and estimates of future operations. If such assumptions were to differ significantly from actual future results of operations, it may have a material impact on the Company’s ability to realize its deferred tax assets. At the end of each period, the Company assesses the ability to realize the deferred tax assets. If it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the deferred tax assets, then the Company establishes a valuation allowance for all or a portion of the deferred tax assets.

The Company recognizes the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in the provision (benefit) for income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations.

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Customer Funds

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments, including money market funds, with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Restricted Cash

The Company records restricted cash amounts as a current asset on the consolidated balance sheets if the restriction expires in less than 12 months, or as a non-current asset if the restriction is greater than 12 months. If there is no minimum time frame during which the cash must remain restricted, the nature of the transactions related to the restriction determine the classification.

The Company's short-term restricted cash was $ 1.1 billion and $ 902.5 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The majority of the balance as of December 31, 2025 was comprised of cash at the wholly-owned consolidated entities used in the warehouse funding facility arrangements. This restricted cash will be used to pay the borrowings under the warehouse funding facilities or will be distributed to the Company. The Company's total restricted cash also includes pledged cash deposits in accounts at the financial institutions that process the Company's sellers' payment transactions and collateral pursuant to various agreements with banks relating to the Company's products. The Company uses restricted cash to secure letters of credit with the related financial institutions to provide collateral for cash flow timing differences in the processing of payments.

The Company's long-term restricted cash of $ 73.8 million and $ 69.9 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, is primarily related to cash held as collateral as required by the FDIC for Square Financial Services. The Company has recorded these amounts as non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets as the requirement by the FDIC specifies a time frame of 12 months or longer during which the cash must remain restricted.

Customer Funds

Customer funds represent customers' stored balances that customers would later use to send money or make payments, or customers cash in transit. As discussed under section titled Financial Solutions Revenue accounting policy above, under the terms of service associated with these funds, the Company is restricted from using the funds in the Company's operations, but may invest these funds in short-term marketable debt securities to earn interest. Refer to Note 4, Customer Funds for more details.

Investments in Marketable Debt Securities

The Company's short-term and long-term investments include marketable debt securities such as government and agency securities, corporate bonds, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, and municipal securities. The Company determines the appropriate classification of its investments in marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation at each balance sheet date. The Company has classified and accounted for its marketable debt securities as available-for-sale and carries these investments at fair value, reporting the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity. The U.S. government and U.S. agency securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and are highly rated by major rating agencies. The corporate bonds are issued by highly rated entities. The foreign government securities are issued by highly rated international entities. The Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments with unrealized losses for a reasonable period of time, sufficient for the recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be at maturity. The Company determines any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable debt securities on a specific identification method, and records such gains and losses as a component of other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations.

Investments in Equity Securities

The Company holds marketable and non-marketable equity investments. Marketable equity investments are measured using quoted prices in active markets with changes recorded in other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations.

Non-marketable equity investments, which have no readily determinable fair values, are measured using the measurement alternative, which is defined as cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are recorded in other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations. Non-marketable equity investments are valued using significant unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. The carrying value for these investments is not adjusted if there are no observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment. The Company will adjust for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issue. Valuations of non-marketable equity investments are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. In addition, the determination of whether an orderly transaction is for an identical or similar investment requires significant management judgment, including understanding the differences in the rights and obligations of the investments and the extent to which those differences would affect the fair values of those investments.

The Company assesses the impairment of its non-marketable equity investments on a quarterly basis. The impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of the severity and duration of the impairment and a qualitative and quantitative analysis of other key factors including the investee’s financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee’s product or technology, other competitive products or technology in the market, general market conditions, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered to be impaired, the Company will record an impairment in other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company applies fair value accounting for assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. Fair value accounting establishes a three-level hierarchy priority for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. The ordering of priority reflects the degree to which objective prices in external active markets are available to measure fair value. The classification of assets and liabilities within the hierarchy is based on whether the inputs to the valuation methodology used for measurement are observable or unobservable.

The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

• Level 1 Inputs: Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date.

• Level 2 Inputs: Other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.

• Level 3 Inputs: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at measurement date.

Customer Loans

Loan products consist primarily of Square Loans and Cash App Borrow products, which are described in detail under the sections titled Financial Solutions Revenue and Commerce Enablement Revenue, respectively, above.

The Company classifies customer loans as loans held for sale when the Company has the intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest in these loans to third-party investors, and there is an available market for such loans. The Company classifies customer loans as loans held for investment when the Company has both the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future, or until maturity or payoff. Loans held for sale by Square Financial Services that are not sold after two business days from origination are reclassified as held for investment. For the year ended December 31, 2025, $ 1.1 billion of total loan balances was reclassified from loans held for sale to loans held for investment. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, net gains on sales of loans were $ 255.8 million, $ 236.8 million, and $ 196.1 million respectively. Loans classified as held for sale at origination are disclosed as a component of cash flows from operating activities, while loans classified as held for investment at origination are disclosed as a component of cash flows from investing activities.

Loans Held for Sale

Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value determined on an individual loan basis. To determine the fair value the Company utilizes discounted cash flow valuation modeling, taking into account the probability of default and estimated timing and amounts of periodic repayments. In estimating the expected timing and amounts of the future periodic repayments for the loans outstanding, the Company considered other relevant market data. The Company recognizes a charge within transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statement of operations whenever the amortized cost of a loan exceeds its fair value, with such charges being reversed for subsequent increases in fair value, but only to the extent that such reversals do not result in the amortized cost of a loan exceeding its fair value. A loan that is initially designated as held for sale may be reclassified to held for investment if and when the Company's intent for that loan changes.

Loans Held for Investment

Loans held for investment are recorded at amortized cost, less an allowance for potential uncollectible amounts. Amortized cost basis represents principal amounts outstanding, net of unearned income, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, premiums or discounts on purchased loans and charge-offs. The Company’s intent and ability to designate loans as held for investment in the future may change based on changes in business strategies, the economic environment, and market conditions.

Allowance for loans losses

The Company calculates an allowance for losses on the loans held for investment portfolio in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ("ASU 2016-13"). The Company assesses impairment of its financial instruments based on current estimates of expected credit losses over the contractual term of its loans held for investment portfolio as of each balance sheet date. The Company determines the allowance for loan losses using both quantitative and qualitative methods and considers all available information relevant to assessing collectability. This includes, but is not limited to, historical loss and recovery experience, recent and historical trends in delinquencies, past-due loans and charge-offs, borrower behavior and repayment speed, underwriting and collection management changes, changes in the legal and regulatory environment, changes in risk and underwriting standards, current and historical macroeconomic conditions such as changes in unemployment and GDP, and various other factors that may affect the sellers’ ability to make future payments.

Consumer Receivables

The Company evaluates its consumer receivables as a single homogeneous portfolio as it is comprised of a single product type, point-of-sale unsecured installment loans. The Company classifies consumer receivables as held for investment when the Company has the intent and ability to hold these investments for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff. The Company classifies consumer receivables as held for sale when the Company has the intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest in these receivables to third-party investors, and there is an available market for such receivables. For the year ended December 31, 2025, $ 840.0 million of consumer receivables were reclassified from loans held for investment to loans held for sale and sold to third parties. Net losses on sales of consumer receivables were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Consumer receivables are reported at amortized cost, which includes the cost to originate the consumer receivables, adjusted for unearned merchant fees, origination costs, charge-offs, and the allowance for credit losses. Refer to Note 6, Consumer Receivables, net for more information.

Allowance for Credit Losses Related to Consumer Receivables

The Company calculates an allowance for credit losses on the consumer receivables portfolio in accordance with ASU 2016-13. The guidance requires an entity to assess impairment of its financial instruments based on the entity's current estimates of expected credit losses over the contractual term of its loans held for investment portfolio as of each balance sheet date.

Allowance for credit losses related to consumer receivables represents management’s estimate of the expected credit losses in the outstanding portfolio of consumer receivables, as of the balance sheet date. The Company determines the allowance for credit losses using both quantitative and qualitative methods that analyze portfolio performance, uses judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve, and considers all available information relevant to assessing collectibility. This includes, but is not limited to, historical loss and recovery experience, recent and historical trends in delinquencies, past-due receivables and charge-offs, consumer behavior and repayment speed, underwriting and collection management changes, changes in the legal and regulatory environment, changes in risk and underwriting standards, current and historical macroeconomic conditions such as changes in unemployment and GDP, and various other factors that may affect the consumers’ ability to make future payments. When available information confirms that specific consumer receivables or portions thereof are uncollectible, identified amounts are charged off against the allowance for credit losses. Consumer receivables are charged off when management considers amounts to be uncollectible, which is generally determined by the number of days past due and is typically no later than 180 days past due.

Settlements Receivable

Settlements receivable represents amounts due from third-party payment processors for customer transactions. Settlements receivable are typically received or paid within one or two business days of the transaction date. Under the terms of arrangements, some of the processors may process both transaction receivables and payables. Additionally, the terms may allow processors the right of offset for the amounts due to and due from the Company. No valuation allowances have been established for settlements receivable, as funds are due from large, well-established financial institutions with no historical collections issue.

Inventory

Inventory consists of contactless and chip readers, chip card readers, Square Stand, Square Register, Square Terminal, third-party peripherals, Bitkey hardware devices, and bitcoin mining systems related to Proto, as well as component parts that are used to manufacture these products. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost (generally on a first-in, first-out basis) or net realizable value. Inventory that is obsolete or in excess of forecasted usage is written down to its net realizable value based on the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business. The Company's inventory is held at third-party warehouses and contract manufacturer premises.

Bitcoin

Company Owned Bitcoin

The Company holds bitcoin for long term investment purposes ("bitcoin investment") and also holds bitcoin for the facilitation of customer sales and purchases of bitcoin on Cash App ("bitcoin for operating purposes"). The Company accounts for its bitcoin as an indefinite-lived intangible asset in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other and has ownership of and control over its bitcoin.

The Company early adopted ASU No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets ("ASU 2023-08") in the fourth quarter of 2023 using a modified retrospective approach. ASU 2023-08 provides guidance on accounting and disclosure of crypto assets and requires an entity to (i) subsequently remeasure crypto assets at fair value at each measurement date with changes recognized in net income, (ii) present the changes in fair value separately from changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets in the income statement, and (iii) present crypto assets measured at fair value separately from other intangible assets on the balance sheet. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-08, the Company's bitcoin investment was subject to impairment losses if the fair value decreased below the carrying value during the assessed period. Impairment losses on the Company's bitcoin investment could not be recovered for any subsequent increases in fair value until the asset was sold. Upon adoption of ASU 2023-08, the Company recognized a cumulative-effect adjustment increasing bitcoin value and retained earnings by $ 30.5 million as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023.

The Company’s bitcoin investment is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs, and the Company uses the ‘first-in, first-out’ method to determine the cost basis. Subsequently, the Company remeasures its bitcoin investment at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Changes in fair value are recognized in net income through "Remeasurement loss (gain) on bitcoin investment" in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has purchased an approximate cumulative $ 41.1 million in bitcoin for investment purposes. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized a loss of $ 55.9 million and gain of $ 420.9 million, respectively, from the remeasurement of the Company's bitcoin investment.

The Company’s bitcoin for operating purposes is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs, and the Company uses ‘first-in, first-out’ as its method of determining the cost basis. Subsequent to purchase, any sales related to bitcoin occur at its current market price, plus a small margin. As such, any change in fair value of bitcoin purchased and sold for customer orders is captured within bitcoin ecosystem revenue. Given the small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes held at any time, and that the bitcoin is held for a relatively short period of time, typically being purchased and sold within a day, the changes in fair value are not material to the Company.

Bitcoin trades in an active market which is not centrally managed or provided by one particular exchange. We determine the fair value of bitcoin at each period end in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, based on observed prices from active exchanges that the Company has determined are its principal market for bitcoin.

Refer to Note 12, Other Consolidated Balance Sheet Components (Non-Current) and Note 13, Bitcoin , for more information.

Bitcoin Held for Other Parties

The Company adopted the SEC's Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121 ("SAB 121"), in June 2022. SAB 121 expressed the views of the SEC staff regarding the accounting for obligations to safeguard crypto-assets an entity holds for users of its crypto platform and requires entities that hold crypto-assets on behalf of platform users to recognize a liability to reflect the entity’s obligation to safeguard the crypto-assets held for its platform users.

In January 2025, the SEC staff released Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 122 (“SAB 122”), which rescinded SAB 121. The Company early adopted SAB 122 as of December 31, 2024, resulting in the Company derecognizing the previously recognized safeguarding obligation liability related to bitcoin held for other parties and the corresponding safeguarding asset related to bitcoin held for other parties. Refer to the Recent Accounting Pronouncements section below for further information.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are recorded at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, which is computed on a straight-line basis over the asset’s estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives of property and equipment are described below:

Capitalized Software

The Company capitalizes certain costs incurred in developing internal-use software when capitalization requirements have been met. Costs prior to meeting the capitalization requirements are expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are included in property and equipment, net, and amortized on a straight-lined basis over the estimated useful life of the software and included in product development costs on the consolidated statements of operations.

Leases

The Company leases office space and equipment under non-cancellable finance and operating leases with various expiration dates.

The Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease for accounting purposes at contract inception. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments, generally for the base noncancellable lease term, at the lease commencement date for each lease. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is the Company's incremental borrowing rate because the interest rate implicit in most of the Company's leases is not readily determinable. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate that the Company would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with similar terms and payments as the lease, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Operating lease ROU assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives. The Company's lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. The Company applies the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases, where applicable. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. The Company includes the fixed non-lease components in the determination of the ROU assets and operating lease liabilities. Variable lease payments that are not based on a rate or index are not included in the calculation of the ROU asset and lease liability, and they are recognized as lease expense in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments predominantly relate to variable operating expenses, taxes, parking, and electricity. The Company records the amortization of the ROU asset and the accretion of lease liability as a component of rent expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

The Company evaluates ROU assets related to leases for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a ROU asset may not be recoverable. When a decision has been made to exit a lease prior to the contractual term or to sublease that space, the Company evaluates the asset for impairment and recognizes the associated impact to the ROU asset and related expense, if applicable. The evaluation is performed at the asset group level initially and when appropriate, at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is at the individual lease level. Undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the related ROU assets are estimated over the ROU assets’ useful lives. If the evaluation indicates that the carrying amount of the ROU assets may not be recoverable, any potential impairment is measured based upon the fair value of the related ROU asset or asset group as determined by appropriate valuation techniques. For the periods presented, the Company recorded no material impairment charges.

When lease agreements provide allowances for leasehold improvements, the Company assesses whether it is the owner of the leasehold improvements for accounting purposes. When the Company concludes that it is the owner, it capitalizes the leasehold improvement assets and recognizes the related depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Additionally, the Company recognizes the amounts of allowances to be received from the lessor as a reduction of the lease liability and the associated ROU asset. When the Company concludes that it is not the owner, the payments that the Company makes towards the leasehold improvements are accounted as a component of the lease payments.

Business Combinations

The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition dates. The excess of total consideration over the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded on the consolidated statements of operations.

Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets, including Acquired Intangible Assets

The Company evaluates the recoverability of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated. If the carrying amount of the long–lived asset or asset group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values, and third–party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. For the periods presented, the Company recorded no material impairment charges related to intangible assets.

The Company performs a goodwill impairment test annually on December 31 and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and determine whether further action is needed. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, the Company determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary.

Acquired intangible assets consist of acquired technology and customer relationships associated with various acquisitions. Acquired technology is amortized over its estimated useful life on a straight-line basis and included as a component of cost of revenue on the consolidated statements of operations. Acquired customer relationships and other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, and included as a component of operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company evaluates the remaining estimated useful life of its intangible assets being amortized on an ongoing basis to determine whether events and circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization.

Customers Payable

Customers payable represents the transaction amounts, less revenue earned by the Company, owed to sellers or Cash App customers. The payable amount consists of amounts owed to customers due to timing differences as the Company typically settles within one business day, amounts held by the Company in accordance with its risk management policies, and amounts held for customers who have not yet linked a bank account. This balance also includes the Company's liability for customer funds held on deposit in Cash App and balances related to Square Card.

Accrued Transaction Losses

The Company is exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when the Company is unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency, disputes between a seller and their customer, or due to fraudulent transactions. Accrued transaction losses also include estimated losses on Cash App activity related to peer-to-peer payments sent from a credit card, Cash App Business, and Cash App Card. Generally, the Company estimates the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations. The Company also considers other relevant market data in developing such estimates and assumptions. Additions to the reserve are reflected in current operating results, while realized losses are offset against the reserve. These amounts are classified within transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations, except for the amounts associated with the peer-to-peer service offered to Cash App customers for free that are classified within sales and marketing expenses as the Company considers these to be marketing costs to encourage the usage of Cash App.

Share Repurchases

Share repurchases under the Company's share repurchase authorization may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The Company's policy is to deduct the par value from common stock and to reflect any excess of cost over par value as a deduction from additional paid-in capital.

Segments

The Company reports its segments to reflect the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews and assesses performance. The Company's CODM is the Block Head and Chairperson. The Company has two reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including, but not limited to, TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general corporate and other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows:

• Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card, which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM, as well as Cash App Borrow. Cash App also includes all BNPL products.

• Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App.

The primary financial measures used by the CODM to evaluate performance and allocate resources are revenue and gross profit. The CODM uses segment gross profit for each segment during the annual budgeting and forecasting process. Further, the CODM uses gross profit as the metric to guide the business trajectory and to consider the overall gross profit growth by segment on a quarterly basis, when making decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources to each segment. The CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and therefore such information is not included.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”). The amendments expand income tax disclosure requirements by requiring an entity to disclose (i) specific categories in the rate reconciliation, (ii) additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold, and (iii) the amount of taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The Company adopted this guidance effective for the annual reporting period beginning January 1, 2025. The adoption of ASU 2023-09 impacts the Company’s annual disclosures only, which are reflected in herein. Refer to Note 15, Income Taxes for further details.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ("ASU 2024-03"), and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-01, Clarifying the Effective Date ("ASU 2025-01"). The amendments are intended to enhance disclosures regarding an entity’s costs and expenses by requiring additional disaggregated information disclosures about certain income statement expense line items. The amendments, as clarified by ASU 2025-01, are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the effect of adopting the new disclosure requirements.

In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-06, Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software ("ASU 2025-06"). The amendments are intended to clarify and modernize the accounting for costs related to internal-use software. The guidance removes all references to project stages and clarifies the threshold entities apply to begin capitalizing costs. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-05, Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets (“ASU 2025-05”). The amendments allow an entity to apply a practical expedient when estimating expected credit losses, which assumes that the current conditions as of the balance sheet date will not change for the remaining life of the accounts receivable and contract assets arising from contracts with customers. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim reporting periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. If the practical expedient is elected, the amendments should be applied prospectively. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

NOTE 2 - REVENUE

The following table presents the Company's net revenue disaggregated by revenue source (in thousands):

(i) Revenue from other sources relates to revenue generated from the Company's Square Loans, Cash App Borrow loans, consumer receivables originated through, and affiliate relationship revenue from, our BNPL products, interest income earned on customer funds, and interest income earned on funds held by Square Financial Services, Inc., which is a Utah state-chartered industrial loan company ("Square Financial Services").

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENTS IN DEBT SECURITIES

The Company's short-term and long-term investments in debt securities as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were as follows (in thousands):

The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments.

The Company's gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position were as follows (in thousands):

The Company does not intend to sell nor anticipate that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of the amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities were determined not to be related to credit related losses, therefore, an allowance for credit losses is not required.

The contractual maturities of the Company's short-term and long-term investments as of December 31, 2025 were as follows (in thousands):

NOTE 4 - CUSTOMER FUNDS

The following table presents the assets underlying customer funds (in thousands):

(i) The Company has accounted for the reverse repurchase agreement with a third party as an overnight lending arrangement, collateralized by the securities subject to the repurchase agreement. The Company classifies the amounts due from the counterparty as cash equivalents due to their short term nature.

The amortized cost of investments classified as cash equivalents approximated the fair value due to the short-term nature of the investments.

NOTE 5 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The Company measures its cash equivalents, customer funds, short-term and long-term marketable debt securities, marketable equity investments, and bitcoin investment at fair value. The Company classifies these investments within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because the Company values these investments using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs.

The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including settlements receivable, consumer receivables, accounts payable, customers payable, accrued expenses, and settlements payable, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The carrying amounts of the Company's warehouse funding facilities approximate their fair values.

The Company estimates the fair value of its convertible and senior notes based on their last actively traded prices (Level 1) or market observable inputs (Level 2). The estimated fair value and carrying value of the convertible and senior notes were as follows (in thousands):

The estimated fair value and carrying value of loans held for sale and loans held for investment were as follows (in thousands):

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recorded incremental charges for the excess of amortized cost over the fair value of the loans of $ 263.0 million, $ 290.2 million, and $ 111.2 million, respectively. To determine the fair value of the loans held for sale, the Company utilizes discounted cash flow valuation modeling, taking into account the probability of default and estimated timing and amounts of periodic repayments. In estimating the expected timing and amounts of the future periodic repayments for the loans outstanding, the Company considered other relevant market data in developing such estimates and assumptions. As of December 31, 2025, there were no material changes to the Company's estimates of fair value, and the Company will continue to evaluate facts and circumstances that could impact its estimates and affect its results of operations in future periods.

If applicable, the Company will recognize transfers into and out of levels within the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period in which the actual event or change in circumstance occurs. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company did not have any transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 assets or liabilities.

NOTE 6 - CONSUMER RECEIVABLES, NET

Consumer receivables represent amounts due from consumers for outstanding installment payments on orders processed using the Company's BNPL products. Further discussed in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , consumer receivables are classified as held for investment. These receivables are typically interest free and are generally due within 14 to 56 days.

The Company closely monitors credit quality for consumer receivables to manage and evaluate its related exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its consumer receivables portfolio is primarily based on internal risk assessments, as they provide insight into customer risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Consumer receivables are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified." Pass rated consumer receivables generally consist of consumer receivables that are current or up to 60 days past due. Classified rated consumer receivables are generally comprised of consumer receivables that are greater than 60 days past due and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least once a year. As of December 31, 2025, the amortized cost of Pass rated consumer receivables was $ 2.8 billion and the amount of Classified consumer receivables was $ 131.0 million.

The following table presents an aging analysis of the amortized cost of consumer receivables by delinquency status (in thousands):

The amount listed as 1 - 60 days past due in the above table includes $ 245.4 million and $ 266.7 million of cash in transit as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, which reflects ongoing repayments from consumers that have been sent from consumers’ bank accounts but have not yet been received at the Company’s bank account as of the date of the financial statements.

Consumer receivables are charged off when they are over 180 days past due as the Company has no reasonable expectation of recovery. When consumer receivables are charged off, the Company recognizes the charge against the allowance for credit losses. While the Company expects collections at that point to be unlikely, the Company may recover amounts from the respective consumers. Any subsequent recoveries following charge-off are credited to transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations in the period they were recovered. The amount of recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were immaterial.

The following table summarizes activity in the consumer receivable allowance for credit losses (in thousands):

NOTE 7 - CUSTOMER LOANS

Customer loans primarily consist of Square Loans, Cash App Borrow, and Afterpay Post-Purchase products. Square Loans are originated by the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Square Financial Services, to qualified Square sellers. The majority of Square Loans are sold to third-party investors with a portion retained on the Company’s balance sheet. Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase are credit products for consumers that allow customers to access short-term loans for a fee. Historically, these loans were originated through a partnership with a third-party industrial bank, from whom the Company purchased the loans obtaining all rights, title, and interest, and were classified as held for sale on the Company’s balance sheet. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, the Company also began originating Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase loans through Square Financial Services, which are retained on the Company’s balance sheet and classified as held for investment. Beginning July 1, 2025, Cash App Borrow loans, Afterpay Post-Purchase loans, and certain other customer loan products purchased from the partnership with the third party, along with all customer loan products originated through Square Financial Services, are retained on the Company's balance sheet and classified as held for investment.

The Company classifies customer loans as held for investment when the Company has both the intent and ability to hold them for the foreseeable future, until maturity, or until payoff. Customer loans are classified as held for sale when there is an available market for such loans and it is the Company’s intent to sell all of its rights, title, and interest in these loans to third-party investors. The Company’s intent and ability in the future may change based on changes in the business strategies, the economic environment, and market conditions.

The Company categorizes loans held for investment and loans held for sale by the intended customer of the loan product. Commercial loans primarily include Square Loans; Consumer loans include Cash App Borrow, Afterpay Post-Purchase and Pay Monthly loans; and Other loans include those outside of consumer and commercial loans such as Square credit card.

Loans Held for Investment

Loans held for investment are recorded at amortized cost, less an allowance for potential uncollectible amounts. Amortized cost basis represents principal amounts outstanding, net of unearned income, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, premiums or discounts on purchased loans, and charge-offs. When loans are charged off, the related accrued interest receivable is recognized as a credit loss expense. The following table presents the Company's loans held for investment by category (in thousands):

The following table presents the Company's loans held for investment allowance for credit losses by category (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2024, the Company held $ 365.1 million of Commercial loans held for investment, net of allowance of $ 23.1 million. The amount of charge-offs recorded and amount of recoveries for the year ended December 31, 2024 were immaterial.

The Company considers Square Loans that are greater than 60 days past due to be delinquent, and Square Loans 90 days or more past due to be nonperforming. Square Loans that are 120 days or more past due are generally considered to be uncollectible and are written off. When a Square Loan is identified as nonperforming, recognition of income is discontinued. Square Loans are restored to performing status after total overdue unpaid amounts are repaid and the Company has reasonable assurance that performance under the terms of the loan will continue. Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase loans that are 1 day or greater past due are considered delinquent, and those that are 90 days or more past due are generally considered to be uncollectible and written off. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the amount of loans that were identified as nonperforming loans was immaterial.

The Company closely monitors economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage its exposure to credit risk. The criteria the Company monitors when assessing the credit quality and risk of its loan portfolio is primarily based on internal risk ratings, as they provide insight into borrower risk profiles and are useful as indicators of potential future credit losses. Loans are internally rated as "Pass" or "Classified". Pass rated Square Loans generally consist of loans that are current or up to 60 days past due. Classified Square Loans generally comprise of loans that are greater than 60 days past due and have a higher risk of default. Pass rated Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase loans generally consist of loans that are current. Classified rated Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase loans are comprised of loans that are 1 day or greater past due, due to their short-term nature and repayment period, and have a higher risk of default. Internal risk ratings are reviewed and, generally, updated at least annually. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the amortized cost of Pass rated loans was $ 3.4 billion and $ 385.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the amortized cost of Classified rated loans was $ 381.0 million. The amount of Classified rated loans was immaterial as of December 31, 2024.

Loans Held For Sale

The following table presents the Company’s loans held for sale by category (in thousands):

Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. Square Loans that are 120 days or more past due, and Cash App Borrow and Afterpay Post-Purchase loans that are 90 days or more past due, are generally considered to be uncollectible and are written off. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loans.

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, $ 4.5 billion and $ 4.2 billion of Square Loans were sold to third-party investors, respectively, and the Company recognized net gains on the sales of loans of $ 255.8 million and $ 236.8 million for the same periods. The net gains on sales of loans are recognized in net income through “Financial solutions revenue” in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

NOTE 8 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was $ 177.0 million, $ 153.1 million, and $ 172.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

NOTE 9 - GOODWILL

Goodwill is recorded when the consideration paid for an acquisition of a business exceeds the fair value of identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired.

The change in the carrying value of goodwill was as follows (in thousands):

As discussed further in Note 20, Segment and Geographical Information , the Company has two reportable segments, Square and Cash App. For purposes of completing its goodwill impairment tests, the Company performs either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Company performed quantitative goodwill impairment testing of its reporting units and recognized impairment charges of $ 73.5 million, related to the TIDAL reporting unit. The impairment charges were as a result of changes in TIDAL's strategic focus, including terminations of certain revenue arrangements and investment into new product areas. These charges are included within general and administrative expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the TIDAL reporting unit was estimated by evaluating the cost approach, based on the value of the reporting unit's net assets, and the income approach, which was based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows. The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2025 and concluded no goodwill impairment should be recognized.

The change in the carrying value of goodwill allocated to the reportable segments was as follows (in thousands):

NOTE 10 - ACQUIRED INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The following table details acquired intangible assets (in thousands):

All intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives.

The change in the carrying value of intangible assets was as follows (in thousands):

The estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets as of December 31, 2025 is as follows (in thousands):

NOTE 11 - OTHER CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (CURRENT)

Other Current Assets

The following table presents the detail of other current assets (in thousands):

(i) Includes a portion invested in money market funds. Refer to Note 5, Fair Value Measurements for further details.

(ii) Refer to Note 7, Customer Loans for further details.

The following table presents the detail of inventory, net (in thousands):

Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities

(i) The Company is exposed to potential credit losses related to transactions processed by sellers that are subsequently subject to chargebacks when the Company is unable to collect from the sellers primarily due to insolvency. Generally, the Company estimates the potential loss rates based on historical experience that is continuously adjusted for new information and incorporates, where applicable, reasonable and supportable forecasts about future expectations.

The following table summarizes the activities of the Company’s reserve for transaction losses (in thousands):

In addition to amounts reflected in the table above, the Company recognized additional provision for transaction losses that was realized and written-off within the same period. Such losses are primarily related to Cash App transactions, such as peer-to-peer transactions and negative balances, that are uncertain in nature. The Company recorded $ 265.8 million and $ 274.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, for such losses. Losses from peer-to-peer activity are classified within sales and marketing expenses, while all other transaction losses, including negative balances, are presented within transaction, loan, and consumer receivable losses on the consolidated statements of operations.

NOTE 12 - OTHER CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS (NON-CURRENT)

Other Non-Current Assets

(i) Investment in non-marketable equity securities represents the Company's investments in equity of non-public entities. These investments are measured using the measurement alternative and are therefore carried at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes from orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. During the year ended December 31, 2025, one of the Company's investments closed on an additional financing round, which the Company assessed as an observable price change in an orderly transaction. The Company recorded a $ 171.6 million upward adjustment to the carrying value of this investment, resulting in a carrying value of $ 329.8 million as of December 31, 2025. Adjustments are recorded within other expense (income), net on the consolidated statements of operations.

The adjustments to the carrying value of the Company's non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative were as follows (in thousands):

The following table summarizes the cumulative net unrealized upward and downward adjustments related to the Company's non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative (in thousands):

NOTE 13 - BITCOIN

A) Company Owned Bitcoin

Bitcoin investment

The Company's bitcoin investment is initially recorded at cost, inclusive of transaction costs, and remeasured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company held approximately 8,883 and 8,485 bitcoins for investment purposes with a cost basis of $ 292.6 million and $ 251.5 million, respectively.

The following table summarizes the changes in the Company’s bitcoin investment (in thousands, except number of bitcoin):

(i) Additions primarily represent the Company's purchases of bitcoin for investment purposes.

Bitcoin for operating purposes

The Company holds a small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes, at any time, to facilitate the purchases and sales of bitcoin on behalf of Cash App customers. The bitcoin for operating purposes is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets within “Other current assets”. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company held approximately 238 and 158 bitcoins for operating purposes with a fair value of $ 20.0 million and $ 15.3 million, respectively.

Given the Company holds a small amount of bitcoin for operating purposes and such bitcoin is held for only a short period, typically less than a day, any remeasurement gains or losses on the Company's bitcoin for operating purposes were immaterial.

B) Bitcoin Held for Other Parties

The Company allows its Cash App customers to store their bitcoin in the Company’s digital wallets free of charge. The Company also holds an immaterial amount of bitcoin from select trading partners to facilitate bitcoin transactions for customers on Cash App. Other than bitcoin, the Company does not hold or store any other types of crypto-assets for customers or trading partners. The Company holds the cryptographic key information and maintains the internal recordkeeping of the bitcoin held for other parties. The Company's contractual arrangements state that its customers and trading partners retain legal ownership of the bitcoin; have the right to sell, pledge, or transfer the bitcoin; and also benefit from the rewards and bear the risks associated with the ownership, including as a result of any bitcoin price fluctuations. The customer also bears the risk of loss as a result of fraud or theft, unless the loss was caused by the Company’s gross negligence or the Company’s willful misconduct. The Company does not use any of the bitcoin custodied for customers or trading partners as collateral for any of the Company’s loans or other financing arrangements; nor does it lend or pledge bitcoin held for others to any third parties. The Company occasionally engages third-party custodians to store and safeguard bitcoin on the Company's behalf. The Company has concluded, under ASC 450-20, Loss Contingencies, that it does not have a probable loss that would require it to recognize a custodial obligation as of December 31, 2025.

NOTE 14 - INDEBTEDNESS

A) Notes

The 2025 Convertible Notes, 2026 Convertible Notes, and 2027 Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Convertible Notes”), together with the 2026 Senior Notes, 2030 Senior Notes, 2031 Senior Notes, 2032 Senior Notes, and 2033 Senior Notes (collectively, the "Senior Notes") are collectively referred to as the “Notes".

The following tables summarize the Company's Notes as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

(i) Net carrying value disclosed as current portion of long-term debt within total current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.

The Company recognized interest expense on the Notes as follows (in thousands):

Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2026 and 2031

On May 20, 2021, the Company issued $ 2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes comprised of $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2026 ("2026 Senior Notes") and $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2031 Senior Notes"). The 2026 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2026, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 2.75 % payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2031 Senior Notes mature on June 1, 2031, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 3.50 % payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes are subject to optional redemption provisions. At any time prior to May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the applicable series in whole or part at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for any note is the greater of: (i) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such note, and (ii) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at the redemption date of all scheduled payments of interest plus principal on such note (excluding accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date) computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such redemption date plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note. At any time on or after May 1, 2026, in the case of the 2026 Senior Notes, and March 1, 2031, in the case of the 2031 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the notes of the applicable series in whole or part at a price of 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2026 Senior Notes or 2031 Senior Notes, as applicable, at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In the event of default, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the applicable series of outstanding Senior Notes under the applicable indenture may declare all of the notes of the applicable series to be due and immediately payable. If the event of default is the result of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, all of the notes of the applicable series will become due without any declaration or action by the trustee or holders. If there is a default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay the defaulted interest plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest at the rate provided in the applicable indenture.

Debt issuance costs related to the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes were comprised of discounts and commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 22.5 million and third-party offering costs of $ 5.7 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of 3.06 % and 3.69 % for each of the respective terms of the 2026 Senior Notes and 2031 Senior Notes, respectively.

Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2030 and 2033

On August 18, 2025, the Company issued $ 2.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, comprised of $ 1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2030 ("2030 Senior Notes") and $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2033 ("2033 Senior Notes"). The 2030 Senior Notes mature on August 15, 2030, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 5.625 % payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2026. The 2033 Senior Notes mature on August 15, 2033, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 6.000 % payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on February 15, 2026. At any time prior to August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and at any time prior to August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the applicable series, in whole or part, at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for the 2030 Senior Notes and the 2033 Senior Notes, respectively, is the greater of (1) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such series of notes, and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values at the redemption date of (i) the applicable redemption price of such note that would apply if such note were redeemed on August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, plus (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest due on such note to, and including, August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the applicable indenture) plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note to be redeemed. On and after August 15, 2027, in the case of the 2030 Senior Notes, and August 15, 2028, in the case of the 2033 Senior Notes, the Company may redeem the notes of the applicable series at specified prices as set forth in the applicable indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable indenture), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2030 Senior Notes or 2033 Senior Notes, as applicable, at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date.

The indentures governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes each contain covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and/or its domestic restricted subsidiaries to create certain liens and certain indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, or to transfer all or substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of other limitations and exceptions, each as set forth in the applicable indenture governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes.

The indentures governing the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes, as applicable, each provide for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal and interest, failure to comply with covenants, agreements or conditions, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company and its significant subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company, all outstanding notes of the applicable series will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the indenture governing the applicable notes occurs or is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding applicable notes may declare all the applicable notes to be due and payable immediately.

Aggregate debt issuance costs related to the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes were comprised of commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 22.0 million and third-party offering costs of $ 6.3 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at effective interest rates of 5.9 % and 6.2 % for the terms of the 2030 Senior Notes and 2033 Senior Notes, respectively.

Senior Unsecured Notes due 2032

On May 9, 2024, the Company issued $ 2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2032 ("2032 Senior Notes"). The 2032 Senior Notes mature on May 15, 2032, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 6.50 % payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2024. At any time prior to May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes, in whole or part, at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the 2032 Senior Notes to be redeemed plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the redemption date. The applicable premium for the 2032 Senior Notes is the greater of (1) 1.0 % of the principal amount of such note, and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the sum of the present values at the redemption date of (i) the applicable redemption price of such note that would apply if such note were redeemed on May 15, 2027 plus (ii) the remaining scheduled payments of interest due on such note to, and including, May 15, 2027 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the treasury rate (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes) plus 50 basis points, over (b) the principal amount of such note to be redeemed. On and after May 15, 2027, the Company may redeem the 2032 Senior Notes at specified prices as set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company experiences a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes), the Company must offer to repurchase the 2032 Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101 % of the principal amount of the applicable 2032 Senior Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable repurchase date. In the event of default, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2032 Senior Notes under the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes may declare all of the notes of the 2032 Senior Notes to be due and immediately payable. If the event of default is the result of specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, all of the 2032 Senior Notes will become due without any declaration or action by the trustee or holders. If there is a default in the payment of interest, the Company shall pay the defaulted interest plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest at the rate provided in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes.

The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the ability of the Company and/or its domestic restricted subsidiaries to create certain liens and certain indebtedness, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, or to transfer all or substantially all of the Company and its subsidiaries assets to another person. These covenants are subject to a number of other limitations and exceptions set forth in the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes.

The indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal and interest, failure to comply with covenants, agreements or conditions, and certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company and its significant subsidiaries. In the case of an event of default arising from specified events of bankruptcy or insolvency involving the Company, all outstanding 2032 Senior Notes will become due and payable immediately without further action or notice. If any other event of default under the indenture governing the 2032 Senior Notes occurs or is continuing, the trustee or holders of at least 25 % in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 2032 Senior Notes may declare all the 2032 Senior Notes to be due and payable immediately.

Debt issuance costs related to the 2032 Senior Notes were comprised of commissions payable to the initial purchasers of $ 21.0 million and third-party offering costs of $ 5.6 million. Issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method at an effective interest rate of 6.7 % for the term of the 2032 Senior Notes.

Convertible Notes due in 2025

On March 5, 2020, the Company issued $ 1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes ("2025 Convertible Notes"). As of the maturity date on March 1, 2025, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes had converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes, which were settled through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock. The Company paid a total of $ 1.0 billion in cash to settle the remaining unconverted principal balance, and interest, as of March 1, 2025.

Convertible Notes due in 2026 and 2027

On November 13, 2020, the Company issued $ 1.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes comprised of $ 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2026 ("2026 Convertible Notes") and $ 575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 ("2027 Convertible Notes"). The 2026 Convertible Notes mature on May 1, 2026, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear a zero rate of interest. The 2027 Convertible Notes mature on November 1, 2027, unless earlier converted or repurchased, and bear interest at a rate of 0.25 % payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. Both the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of 3.3430 shares of the Company's Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $ 299.13 per share of Class A common stock. Holders may convert their relevant series of notes at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 1, 2026 and August 1, 2027 for the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes, respectively, only under the following circumstances: (i) during any calendar quarter, commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 % of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (ii) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) per $1,000 principal amount of 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 % of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (iii) if the Company calls any or all of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes for redemption, such relevant series of notes called for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (iv) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events, including certain distributions, the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes) or a transaction resulting in the Company’s Class A common stock converting into other securities or property or assets. In addition, upon occurrence of the specified corporate events prior to the maturity date, the Company would increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert their relevant series of notes in connection with such an event in certain circumstances. On or after February 1, 2026 in the case of the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after August 1, 2027 in the case of the 2027 Convertible Notes, up until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder of the relevant series of notes may convert all or any portion of its 2026 Convertible Notes or 2027 Convertible Notes regardless of the foregoing circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its Class A common stock, at the Company’s election. On or after November 5, 2023 for the 2026 Convertible Notes, and on or after November 5, 2024 for the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Company may redeem all or a portion of each series of convertible notes for cash at its option, if the last reported sale price of the Company's Class A common stock has been at least 130 % of the conversion price for the relevant series of notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date.

The circumstances to allow the holders to convert their 2026 Convertible Notes and 2027 Convertible Notes were not met during the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, no principal had converted and the if-converted value did not exceed the outstanding principal amount of either the 2026 Convertible Notes or 2027 Convertible Notes.

Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions

In connection with the offering of the 2027 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2027 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2027 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 299.13 per share. The total cost of the 2027 convertible note hedge transactions was $ 104.3 million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2027 Warrants") to the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2027 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 414.18 per share for the 2027 Warrants. The Company received $ 68.0 million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2027 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2027 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2027 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2027 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately $ 299.13 per share to approximately $ 414.18 per share for the 2027 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 Warrants are recorded in stockholders’ equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2027 Convertible Note Hedges and 2027 warrant transactions were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets.

In connection with the offering of the 2026 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2026 Convertible Note Hedges") with certain financial institution counterparties ("2026 Note Hedge Counterparties") whereby the Company has the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of its Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 299.13 per share. The total cost of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges was $ 84.6 million. In addition, the Company sold warrants ("2026 Warrants") to the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties whereby the 2026 Note Hedge Counterparties have the option to purchase a total of 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of approximately $ 368.16 per share for the 2026 Warrants. The Company received $ 64.6 million in cash proceeds from the sale of the 2026 Warrants. Taken together, the purchase of the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and sale of the 2026 Warrants are intended to reduce dilution from the conversion of the 2026 Convertible Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of the converted 2026 Convertible Notes, as the case may be, and to effectively increase the overall conversion price from approximately $ 299.13 per share to approximately $ 368.16 per share for the 2026 Warrants. As these instruments are considered indexed to the Company's own stock and are considered equity classified, the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants are recorded in stockholders’ equity, are not accounted for as derivatives, and are not remeasured each reporting period. The net costs incurred in connection with the 2026 Convertible Note Hedges and 2026 Warrants were recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital on the consolidated balance sheets.

In connection with the offering of the 2025 Convertible Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions ("2025 Convertible Note Hedges"). As of December 31, 2025, the 2025 Convertible Note Hedges were completely settled and no longer outstanding and did not result in the receipt of common stock shares. In addition, the warrants entered into in connection with the issuance of the 2025 Convertible Notes expired evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on June 2, 2025 and ending on August 26, 2025. None of the warrants were exercised over the trading day period.

B) Revolving Credit Facility

In May 2020, the Company entered into a revolving credit agreement (as amended, the "Credit Agreement") with certain lenders, which provides for a $ 775.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on June 9, 2028. The Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain a minimum liquidity amount (consisting of the sum of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents plus Marketable Securities, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus undrawn available commitments under the Credit Agreement) of at least $ 250.0 million, tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The Company is obligated to pay customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type including a commitment fee of 0.10 % to 0.20 % per annum on the undrawn portion of the revolving loan commitments available under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, no funds have been drawn and no letters of credit have been issued under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, $ 775.0 million remained available for draw subject to compliance with our covenants. The Company incurred immaterial unused commitment fees during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Credit Agreement.

Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at the Company's option of (i) an annual rate based on the forward-looking term rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("Term SOFR") or (ii) a base rate. Loans based on Term SOFR shall bear interest at a rate equal to Term SOFR plus a margin of between 1.25 % and 1.75 %, depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. Loans based on the base rate shall bear interest at a rate based on the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.50 %, and Term SOFR with a tenor of one-month plus 1.00 %, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.25 % to 0.75 %, depending on the Company's total net leverage ratio. The Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a financing of this type that, among other things, restricts the Company and certain of its subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate or make certain dispositions, pay dividends and make distributions, enter into restrictive agreements, enter into agreements with affiliates, and make certain investments and acquisitions.

On January 14, 2026, the Company amended and restated its Credit Agreement (the "Restated Credit Agreement") to, among other things, increase the size of the unsecured revolving loan facility to $ 900 million. The Restated Credit Agreement extends the maturity date to January 14, 2031, provided that if on the date that is 91 days prior to the maturity date of any of the Company's existing convertible notes or senior notes, the aggregate amount of liquidity (as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement) would be less than $ 250 million after giving pro forma effect to the repayment of such existing convertible notes or such senior notes at maturity, then the maturity date of the revolving loan facility shall be modified to be such date. The Restated Credit Agreement replaces the financial covenant with a maximum total net leverage ratio covenant, determined as set forth in the Restated Credit Agreement, to be tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter.

The Restated Credit Agreement also contains customary affirmative and negative covenants typical for a facility of this type that, among other things, restrict the Company's domestic restricted subsidiaries from incurring debt for borrowed money, the Company and its domestic restricted subsidiaries from granting liens to secure debt for borrowed money and entering into sale and leaseback transactions, and the Company from making certain investments and certain restricted payments.

C) Square Financial Services Lines of Credit

The Company also has uncommitted and unsecured lines of credit with certain third-party banks for short-term liquidity needs, subject to availability of funds, through Square Financial Services. There were no outstanding balances as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.

D) Warehouse Funding Facilities

The Company has financing arrangements with financial institutions in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, and the United Kingdom (collectively, the “Warehouse Facilities”) in connection with certain of its BNPL products. The Warehouse Facilities have been arranged utilizing wholly-owned and consolidated entities (collectively, the Warehouse Special Purpose Entities ("Warehouse SPEs")) formed for the sole purpose of financing the origination of consumer receivables to partly fund certain BNPL products. Borrowings under the Warehouse Facilities are secured against the respective consumer receivables. While the Warehouse SPEs are included in our consolidated financial statements, they are separate legal entities that maintain legal ownership of the receivables they hold. The assets of the Warehouse SPEs are not available to satisfy our claims or those of our creditors.

These Warehouse Facilities have maturity dates through September 2028. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the Warehouse Facilities, using the respective exchange rates at perio d-end , was $ 1.7 billion on a revolving basis, of which $ 1.4 billion was drawn and $ 323.9 million remained available . All Warehouse Facilities contain portfolio parameters based on performance of the underlying consumer receivables, which each respective region has satisfied as of December 31, 2025. None of the Warehouse Facilities contain corporate financial covenants.

All Warehouse Facilities are on a variable rate basis which aligns closely to the weighted-average life of the consumer receivables they finance. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at (i) a base rate aligned to either the local risk free rate, such as Term SOFR and the Sterling Overnight Index Average or similar, and (ii) a margin which is set for the term of the availability period. The interest expense incurred on the Company's Warehouse Facilities is included within general and administrative as part of the Company's operating expenses. Interest expense on the Company's Warehouse Facilities was $ 49.4 million, $ 72.0 million, and $ 65.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In addition, each Warehouse Facility requires payment of immaterial commitment fees.

The table below summarizes the future scheduled principal payments of amounts drawn on the Company's Warehouse Facilities (in thousands):

(i) Future scheduled principal payments in 2026 are disclosed as warehouse funding facilities, current, within total current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.

NOTE 15 - INCOME TAXES

(i) A multitude of states contribute to the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category, however there is no single jurisdiction that is individually material to the state tax expense.

The following is a summary of income taxes paid for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in thousands):

Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. The Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are primarily related to U.S. operations. In 2025, the Company's U.S. consolidated group generated a current tax benefit resulting from, among other factors, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (H.R. 1), which no longer requires the capitalization of certain research and development expenses under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 174. The Company's U.S. consolidated group has significant deferred tax assets in the form of net operating loss carryovers, tax credit carryovers, capitalized costs resulting from the IRC Section 174 capitalization requirement, and other tax deductible temporary differences.

The Company has maintained a valuation allowance on certain federal deferred tax assets in the form of loss carryovers that have federal limits or restrictions on utilization, foreign tax credit carryovers, and capital losses which do not have sufficient evidence of future income of the appropriate character to recognize. Further, the Company has maintained a full valuation allowance against its California deferred tax assets, which consist primarily of tax loss carryovers and tax credit carryovers. The Company does not have sufficient evidence of future income to realize the California deferred tax assets on a more likely than not basis.

The Company also has a history of tax losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, which it believes are not more likely than not to be realized as of December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the Company retained a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets in these jurisdictions. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable in future periods may change as management continues to reassess the underlying factors it uses in estimating future taxable income. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately $ 89.2 million and $ 1.4 billion during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The year ended December 31, 2024 included one-time benefits from income taxes of $ 1.9 billion related to both the release of the Company's valuation allowance associated with certain federal and state deferred tax assets as well as the recognition of deferred tax assets as part of internal legal entity restructuring efforts.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 1.4 billion of federal, $ 3.9 billion of state, and $ 755.7 million of foreign net operating loss carryforwards. Th e remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards have no expiration date. The state operating losses will begin to expire in 2030 and the foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 478.4 million of federal, $ 300.5 million of state, and $ 33.4 million of foreign research credit carryforwards. The remaining federal research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2038. The state and foreign credit carryforwards have no expiration date.

Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and credits may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before they are able to be utilized. The Company does not expect any previous ownership changes, as defined under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, to result in an ultimate limitation that will materially reduce the total amount of net operating loss carryforwards and credits that can be utilized.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of $ 626.8 million, of which $ 69.1 million would impact the annual effective tax rate if recognized and the remainder of which would result in a corresponding adjustment to the valuation allowance.

The change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefit was as follows (in thousands):

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. The Company had total accrued interest and penalties of $ 22.0 million, $ 23.8 million, and $ 22.1 million related to uncertain tax positions for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently under examination in California for tax years 2013, 2014, and 2016 and in Texas for tax years 2015 to 2019 and Illinois for tax years 2022 and 2023. The Company’s various tax years starting with 2009 to 2024 remain open in various taxing jurisdictions.

NOTE 16 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Common Stock

The Company has two classes of authorized common stock outstanding: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Class A common stock and Class B common stock are referred to as "common stock" throughout these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, unless otherwise noted. Holders of the Company's Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to dividends when, as and if, declared by the Company's board of directors, subject to the rights of the holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights to dividends. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not declare any dividends. Holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, while holders of shares of Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Shares of the Company's Class B common stock are convertible into an equivalent number of shares of its Class A common stock and generally convert into shares of its Class A common stock upon transfer. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock have no preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to such shares.

Conversion of Convertible Notes and Exercise of Convertible Note Hedges

As of the maturity date on March 1, 2025, certain holders of the 2025 Convertible Notes had converted an immaterial aggregate principal amount of their 2025 Convertible Notes. The Company settled the conversions through the issuance of an immaterial amount of shares of the Company's Class A common stock and paid a total of $ 1.0 billion in cash to settle the remaining unconverted principal balance, and interest, as of March 1, 2025. Additionally, there were no convertible note hedges exercised, and no shares were received as of December 31, 2025.

Warrants

In conjunction with the 2025 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2025 Warrants whereby the counterparties had the option to purchase a total of approximately 8.3 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 161.34 per share. The 2025 Warrants expired evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on June 1, 2025 and ending on August 26, 2025. None of the warrants were exercised.

In conjunction with the 2026 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2026 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 368.16 per share. The 2026 Warrants expire evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on August 1, 2026. None of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2025.

In conjunction with the 2027 Convertible Notes offering, the Company sold the 2027 Warrants whereby the counterparties have the option to purchase a total of approximately 1.9 million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $ 414.18 per share. The 2027 Warrants expire evenly over a 60 trading day period starting on February 1, 2028. None of the warrants were exercised as of December 31, 2025.

Share Repurchase Program

In November 2025, the board of directors of the Company authorized an increase to the Company's share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $ 5 billion of the Company's Class A common stock, for a total authorization of $ 9 billion. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased 36.5 million shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 2.3 billion, excluding excise tax, which were immaterial. As of December 31, 2025, $ 5.3 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases under this share repurchase program.

Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company’s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors.

Stock Plans

The Company maintains two share-based employee compensation plans: the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ("2015 Plan") and the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan ("2025 Plan"). The 2025 Plan became effective as of June 17, 2025 and replaced the 2015 Plan as of such date, such that no further awards will be granted under the 2015 Plan. Any awards outstanding under the 2015 Plan as of the date the 2025 Plan became effective will remain outstanding under the 2015 Plan in accordance with their existing terms.

Under the 2025 Plan, shares of the Company's Class A common stock are reserved for the issuance of incentive and nonstatutory stock options (ISOs and NSOs, respectively), stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), restricted stock awards, restricted stock units ("RSUs"), performance awards, and other stock and cash-based awards to eligible employees, directors, and consultants. The awards must be granted at a price per share not less than the fair market value at the date of grant. A maximum aggregate of 80,000,000 shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2025 Plan. As of December 31, 2025, there were 31.7 million shares outstanding under the 2015 Plan and 76.2 million shares available for future issuance under our 2025 Plan.

A summary of stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data):

Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company’s estimated fair value of its common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. Aggregate intrinsic value for stock options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 20.2 million, $ 145.1 million, and $ 96.1 million, respectively.

The total weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was $ 28.62 , $ 45.81 , and $ 39.13 per share for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Restricted Stock Activity

The total fair value of shares vested was $ 1.2 billion, $ 1.2 billion, and $ 873.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Block, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was approved by stockholders on June 17, 2025. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to 25 % of eligible compensation, subject to any plan limitations. The ESPP provides for 12 -month offering periods that commence on the first trading day on or after May 15 and November 15 of each year. Each offering period includes two purchase periods, which commence on the first trading day on or after November 15 and May 15, and terminate on the last trading day on or before May 15 and November 15, respectively. Employees are able to purchase shares at 85 % of the lower of the fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the last trading day of the applicable purchase period. A maximum aggregate of 34,000,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock are available for purchase under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2025, 12.5 million shares had been purchased under the ESPP and 21.5 million shares remained available for future purchase under the ESPP.

Share-Based Compensation

The fair values of stock options granted were estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions:

The Company recorded a tax expense related to stock-based compensation of $ 26.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 and a tax benefit related to stock-based compensation of $ 322.0 million and $ 228.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The Company recorded $ 38.3 million, $ 25.0 million, and $ 63.3 million of share-based compensation expense related to the Company's Amended and Restated 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company capitalized $ 31.8 million, $ 41.2 million, and $ 30.9 million of share-based compensation expense related to capitalized software during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 2.1 billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2 years.

NOTE 17 - NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE

The Company computes net income (loss) per share attributable to our common stockholders using the two-class method required for multiple classes of common stock and participating securities. The holders of our Class A and Class B common stock (together, "common stock") have identical liquidation and dividend rights but different voting rights. Accordingly, we present net income (loss) per share for Class A and Class B common stock together.

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding adjusted for the dilutive effect of all potential shares of common stock. In periods when the Company reported a net loss, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share because the effects of potentially dilutive items were anti-dilutive.

The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except per share data):

The following potential common shares were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in thousands):

NOTE 18 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In July 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space in St. Louis, Missouri, from an affiliate of one of the Company’s co-founders and current member of its board of directors, Mr. Jim McKelvey, for a term of 15.5 years with options to extend the lease term for two five-year terms. The lease possession date varied by floor, beginning in May 2020. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had recorded right-of-use assets of $ 9.7 million and associated lease liabilities of $ 14.7 million related to this lease arrangement.

Under the lease agreement, the Company has an option to terminate the lease for the entire property on January 1, 2034. Termination penalties specified in the lease agreement will apply if the Company exercises the option to terminate the lease.

NOTE 19 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Operating and Finance Leases

The Company’s operating leases are primarily comprised of office facilities. The Company's leases have remaining lease terms of one year to eleven years , some of which include options to extend up to five year terms, or include options to terminate the leases with advanced notice. None of the options to extend the leases have been included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset or the associated lease liability. There were no finance lease obligations as of December 31, 2025.

The components of lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2025 were as follows (in thousands):

Other information related to operating leases was as follows:

Cash flows related to leases were as follows (in thousands):

The Company recognized total rental expenses for operating leases of $ 58.2 million, $ 52.1 million, and $ 75.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Purchase Commitments

From time to time, we may enter into non-cancelable purchase obligations related to cloud computing infrastructure. The commitment amounts in the table below are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts.

As of December 31, 2025, the future minimum payments under the purchase commitments were as follows (in thousands):

Litigation and Regulatory Matters

The Company is currently subject to, and may in the future be involved in, various litigation matters, legal claims, investigations, and regulatory proceedings.

Regulatory and Governmental Matters

The Company received subpoenas from Attorneys General from multiple states, seeking the production of information related to, among other things, Cash App’s handling of customer complaints and disputes. In June 2024, the state Attorneys General presented the Company with the results of their investigations. In December 2024, the state Attorneys General presented the Company with potential terms for resolving this matter and the Company is engaging in conversations with the state Attorneys General to resolve this matter on acceptable terms. The Company is unable to predict the likely outcome of this matter, which may include one or more public orders, and cannot provide any assurance that the state Attorneys General will not ultimately take legal action against the Company or that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company. It is probable that the Company will incur a loss in connection with this matter, and the loss could be material; however, the Company cannot estimate the amount of possible loss or range of loss at this time.

The Company also received inquiries from the SEC and Department of Justice (“DOJ”) shortly after the publication of a short seller report in March 2023. In July 2024, the Company received a follow-on inquiry from the SEC. The Company believes these inquiries primarily relate to the allegations raised in the short seller report, the Company’s compliance and risk practices, and related disclosures. The Company continues to cooperate with both agencies. The Company is unable to predict the likely outcome of these matters and cannot provide any assurance that the SEC or DOJ will not ultimately take legal action against the Company or that the outcome of any such action, if brought, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company.

Litigation Matters

On January 17, 2025, a putative federal securities class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s Class A common stock between February 26, 2020 and August 1, 2024. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the Company made materially false or misleading statements regarding its anti-money laundering (“AML”) and compliance programs and seeks unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and other costs. On June 18, 2025, plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint. On January 6, 2026, the court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss.

In addition, between February 5, 2025 and April 24, 2025, multiple shareholder derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against certain of the Company’s current and former directors and officers based on allegations substantially similar to the securities class action. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, attorneys' fees and other costs. On May 7, 2025, the Court ordered that the actions were related and renamed the related cases as “In re Block, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation.” On January 6, 2026, the court denied the Company’s motions to dismiss in the derivative actions.

A separate derivative action making similar claims and requesting similar damages was filed on October 9, 2025 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California that has not been consolidated.

It is reasonably possible that the Company will incur a loss in connection with these federal securities and derivative matters, and the loss could be material; however, the Company cannot estimate the amount of loss or range of loss at this time.

Tax Matters

In June 2024, the Office of the Treasurer and Tax Collector of the City and County of San Francisco (the "Tax Collector") issued an assessment of San Francisco gross receipts tax, including interest and penalties, for fiscal years 2020 through 2022, asserting the Company owes incremental taxes on a portion of the receipts generated by the Company related to sales of bitcoin. The Company paid the assessed amount of $ 71.4 million in January 2025. In September 2025, the Tax Collector issued an assessment of gross receipt tax, including tax, interest, and penalties, of $ 42.7 million for fiscal years 2023 and 2024, which the Company paid in October 2025. In both cases, the Company paid the assessment in order to preserve its rights to dispute the assessments and initiate the dispute process. The Company strongly disagrees with the Tax Collector’s assessments and plans to vigorously pursue all available remedies. Given the assessed amounts must be paid to initiate the dispute process and will be returned in full or used to settle any final amount due to the Tax Collector, the Company views the amounts as deposit assets.

The Company estimates its aggregate exposure for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 could be up to $ 114 million, which is the full amount of the assessments already paid. The Tax Collector may continue to challenge the Company's gross receipts tax positions. The Company has currently concluded that a loss for this matter is not probable.

The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from litigation and regulatory proceedings and adjusts the financial statements based on such assessments. The eventual outcome of these matters may differ materially from the estimates the Company has currently accrued in the financial statements.

In addition, the Company is subject to various legal matters, investigations, subpoenas, inquiries, audits, claims, lawsuits, arbitrations, and disputes, including with regulatory bodies and governmental agencies. The Company cannot at this time fairly estimate a reasonable range of exposure, if any, of the potential liability, if any, with respect to any of these other matters. Although the Company may be subject to an adverse decision or settlement, it does not believe that the final disposition of any of these other matters will have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. However, the Company cannot give any assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of any of these matters, and their resolution could be material to the Company's operating results.

NOTE 20 - SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

The Company reports its segments to reflect the manner in which the Company's chief operating decision maker ("CODM") reviews and assesses performance. The Company's CODM is the Block Head and Chairperson. The Company has two reportable segments, Square and Cash App. Products and services that are not assigned to a specific reportable segment, including but not limited to TIDAL and other emerging ecosystems, are aggregated and presented within a general corporate and other category. Square and Cash App are defined as follows:

• Cash App includes the financial tools available to individuals within the mobile Cash App, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin and stock investments. Cash App also includes Cash App Card, which is linked to customer stored balances that customers can use to pay for purchases or withdraw funds from an ATM, as well as Cash App Borrow, which is a credit product that allows eligible customers to access short-term loans for a fee. Cash App also includes all BNPL products.

• Square includes managed payment services, software solutions, hardware, and financial services offered to sellers, excluding those that involve Cash App.

The primary financial measures used by the CODM to evaluate performance and allocate resources are revenue and gross profit. The CODM uses segment gross profit for each segment during the annual budgeting and forecasting process. Further, the CODM uses gross profit as the metric to guide the business trajectory and to consider the overall gross profit growth by segment on a quarterly basis, when making decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources to each segment. The CODM does not evaluate performance or allocate resources based on segment asset data, and therefore such information is not included.

The following table provides a reconciliation of total segment gross profit to the Company’s income (loss) before applicable income taxes (in thousands):

Revenue

Revenue by geography is based on the addresses of the sellers or customers. The following table details revenue by geographic area (in thousands):

No individual country from the international markets contributed more than 10% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Long-Lived Assets

Assets by reportable segment were not included, as this information is not reviewed by the CODM to make operating decisions or allocate resources, and is reviewed on a consolidated basis.

NOTE 21 - SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

The supplemental disclosures of cash flow information consist of the following (in thousands):

NOTE 22 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On February 26, 2026, we announced a workforce reduction restructuring plan (the “Workforce Plan") designed to better align our organizational structure with our operating model and strategic priorities. As part of the Workforce Plan, we expect to reduce our current workforce by more than 40 %. We currently estimate that we will incur charges of approximately $ 450 million to $ 500 million in connection with the Workforce Plan, consisting primarily of cash expenditures for notice period and severance payments, employee benefits, and related costs as well as non-cash expenses related to vesting of share-based awards. We expect that the majority of the restructuring charges will be incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, and that the execution of the Workforce Plan will be substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2026. The Company’s estimates are subject to a number of assumptions, and the actual costs incurred may differ materially from those initial estimates.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Evaluation Date"). The term “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in “Internal Control - Integrated Framework” (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on that assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by Ernst & Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers

During the quarterly period ended December 31, 2025, the following directors adopted or modified a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, that are each intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c), as follows:

(i) Modification of the Rule 10b5-1 plan adopted by Director Eisen on February 25, 2025.

(ii) Director McKelvey's Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement provides for shares to be sold through the James M. McKelvey, Jr. Revocable Trust.

No other officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or directors adopted and/or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the last fiscal quarter.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 ("Proxy Statement") and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this item will be included in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements:

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules:

Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein.

(3) Exhibits

The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K):

____________________

* Filed herewith.

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 26, 2026

BLOCK, INC.

By: /s/ Jack Dorsey

Jack Dorsey

Block Head and Chairperson

(Principal Executive Officer)

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jack Dorsey, Amrita Ahuja, and Chrysty Esperanza, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
