ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information for Common Stock

Our Class A common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange and our CDIs are traded on the ASX, both under the symbol “XYZ”. There is no public trading market for our Class B common stock.

Holders of Record

As of February 20, 2026, there we re 442 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 22 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these record holders. As of February 20, 2026, we have approximately 37,476 holders of record of our CDIs.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not expect to pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

In November 2025, the board of directors of the Company authorized an increase to the Company's share repurchase program to repurchase up to an additional $5 billion of the Company's Class A common stock, for a total authorization of $9 billion. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common stock and may be suspended at any time at the Company’s discretion. The timing and number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including the stock price, business and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities, acquisition opportunities, and other factors.

The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended December 31, 2025 (in thousands, except per share amounts):

(i) Average price paid per share for open market purchases includes broker commissions, but excludes excise tax.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Block, Inc. under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders of our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index ("S&P 500"), and the S&P North American Technology Index. An investment of $100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index on the last trading day for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2025. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
