Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comme nts

None.

Ite m 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. Our security approach is aligned with various applicable security and/or technical requirements and best practices, including those established by the National Institute of Standards and Cybersecurity Framework (“NIST CSF”). This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that our information security team uses the NIST CSF as a framework for helping us to identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall risk management program and is designed to share common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. We have a cross-functional team composed of TKO's senior IT, cybersecurity and compliance leadership that typically meets on a monthly basis to discuss efforts to identify new or prospective risks, mitigate previously identified risks, and discuss recent cybersecurity events . This cross-functional team reports into an executive steering committee comprised of senior enterprise leadership which meets, at a minimum, quarterly. We use a defense-in-depth strategy across our business applications and systems, including database encryption, encryption for laptops/desktops, endpoint-security solutions including network filtering, anti-virus, endpoint firewalls, endpoint detection/response, patch and security configuration management and monitoring through our use of a Security Information and Event Management (“SIEM”) system. The SIEM is monitored by our Security Operations Center (“SOC”). Our network and applications require multi-factor authentication, and logins are monitored for unusual activity by our SOC systems and personnel. The enterprise network is protected by stateful firewalls, which are also monitored via our SOC. Our dedicated cybersecurity team engages third parties to conduct periodic infrastructure, application, compliance, and security operations testing, and threats/findings are managed through our risk-register and governance processes. Separately, employees are trained to promptly report any suspicious behavior or events to the Company’s Core Security Incident Response team. This team includes IT, legal, cybersecurity, compliance, and risk management team members. The core team oversees the investigation and handling of all reported incidents (which incidents are tracked in real time). If the core team determines that the reported event could potentially impact personally identifiable information processed by the Company, confidential/proprietary information or cause a financial loss, the core team reports the matter to TKO’s Cybersecurity Executive Steering Committee, which includes TKO’s Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Deputy General Counsel, Head of Litigation, Corporate Secretary, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Information Officer, Head of Internal Audit, SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, Global Head of Cybersecurity, Head of Corporate Security and Chief Communications Officer. Reported events that may cause a financial loss are also reported to the legal department’s fraud investigation team. The Cybersecurity Executive Steering Committee is charged with managing the Core Security Incident Response Team and determining whether any disclosures may be required as a result of the reported event. Key elements of our cybersecurity risk management program, thus, include, but are not limited to: • risk assessments designed to help identify material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical systems and information; • a written cybersecurity incident response plan; • the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes; • cybersecurity awareness training of our personnel, including incident response personnel, and senior management not less often than once per calendar year; • phishing simulations at regular intervals (not less than quarterly) to all users of the Company’s email system; and • a third-party risk management process for key service providers which connect to our IT systems or process data on our behalf based on our assessment of their criticality to our operations and respective risk profiles. This risk management process is designed to review the cybersecurity protocols, policies and preparedness of any vendor that processes personally identifiable information for the Company or the Company’s confidential or proprietary information or otherwise is connected to any Company IT infrastructure before entering an agreement with such vendor and/or at least every 18 months thereafter. Such reviews consist of reviewing SOC2 Type II reports for vendors which maintain them or, for those that don’t, a review of the vendor’s responses to a detailed questionnaire. Upon a review of such responses, the Company’s cybersecurity team may propose remediation measures (which are set forth in the contractual obligations to be agreed upon by the vendor).

Ite m 1C. Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information. Our security approach is aligned with various applicable security and/or technical requirements and best practices, including those established by the National Institute of Standards and Cybersecurity Framework (“NIST CSF”). This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that our information security team uses the NIST CSF as a framework for helping us to identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business.

Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall risk management program and is designed to share common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational, and financial risk areas. We have a cross-functional team composed of TKO's senior IT, cybersecurity and compliance leadership that typically meets on a monthly basis to discuss efforts to identify new or prospective risks, mitigate previously identified risks, and discuss recent cybersecurity events . This cross-functional team reports into an executive steering committee comprised of senior enterprise leadership which meets, at a minimum, quarterly.

We use a defense-in-depth strategy across our business applications and systems, including database encryption, encryption for laptops/desktops, endpoint-security solutions including network filtering, anti-virus, endpoint firewalls, endpoint detection/response, patch and security configuration management and monitoring through our use of a Security Information and Event Management (“SIEM”) system. The SIEM is monitored by our Security Operations Center (“SOC”). Our network and applications require multi-factor authentication, and logins are monitored for unusual activity by our SOC systems and personnel. The enterprise network is protected by stateful firewalls, which are also monitored via our SOC. Our dedicated cybersecurity team engages third parties to conduct periodic infrastructure, application, compliance, and security operations testing, and threats/findings are managed through our risk-register and governance processes.

Separately, employees are trained to promptly report any suspicious behavior or events to the Company’s Core Security Incident Response team. This team includes IT, legal, cybersecurity, compliance, and risk management team members. The core team oversees the investigation and handling of all reported incidents (which incidents are tracked in real time). If the core team determines that the reported event could potentially impact personally identifiable information processed by the Company, confidential/proprietary information or cause a financial loss, the core team reports the matter to TKO’s Cybersecurity Executive Steering Committee, which includes TKO’s Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Deputy Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Deputy General Counsel, Head of Litigation, Corporate Secretary, Head of Investor Relations, Chief Information Officer, Head of Internal Audit, SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, Global Head of Cybersecurity, Head of Corporate Security and Chief Communications Officer. Reported events that may cause a financial loss are also reported to the legal department’s fraud investigation team. The Cybersecurity Executive Steering Committee is charged with managing the Core Security Incident Response Team and determining whether any disclosures may be required as a result of the reported event.

Key elements of our cybersecurity risk management program, thus, include, but are not limited to:

risk assessments designed to help identify material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical systems and information;

a written cybersecurity incident response plan;

the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our security processes;

cybersecurity awareness training of our personnel, including incident response personnel, and senior management not less often than once per calendar year;

phishing simulations at regular intervals (not less than quarterly) to all users of the Company’s email system; and

a third-party risk management process for key service providers which connect to our IT systems or process data on our behalf based on our assessment of their criticality to our operations and respective risk profiles. This risk management process is designed to review the cybersecurity protocols, policies and preparedness of any vendor that processes personally identifiable information for the Company or the Company’s confidential or proprietary information or otherwise is connected to any Company IT infrastructure before entering an agreement with such vendor and/or at least every 18 months thereafter. Such reviews consist of reviewing SOC2 Type II reports for vendors which maintain them or, for those that don’t, a review of the vendor’s responses to a detailed questionnaire. Upon a review of such responses, the Company’s cybersecurity team may propose remediation measures (which are set forth in the contractual obligations to be agreed upon by the vendor).

Our continually evolving cybersecurity strategies are informed by multiple threat intelligence resources, the status of ongoing remediation plans, and technical developments. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business — Failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.” Cybersecurity Governance Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) oversight of cybersecurity risks, including oversight of management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from management on our cybersecurity risks, and also receives, at least annually, a detailed briefing from management on our cyber risk management program’s status including all strategic initiatives. In addition, management updates the Audit Committee, where it deems appropriate, regarding cybersecurity incidents it considers to be significant or potentially significant, consistent with written escalation protocols. The Audit Committee members also receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from TKO's Chief Information Officer and SVP, Global Privacy & Cybersecurity, internal security staff or external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. The full Board receives regular updates regarding the Audit Committee’s activities. Our management team, including TKO’s Chief Information Officer and SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats . The Chief Information Officer is responsible for implementation and enforcement of written information security policies. The Chief Information Officer has designated leaders, including the SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, to be responsible for overall management of the information security management program , including developing and operating within defined global information security controls designed to protect our IT systems, selecting and supervising retained cybersecurity consultants, and working with Legal, Compliance, and Human Resources personnel to develop and launch appropriate information security training of our workforce. Our management team has decades of experience leading and managing cybersecurity teams as well as professional credentials in cybersecurity and data privacy . In 2025, TKO’s SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, led a team of two dedicated privacy professionals in the TKO Legal department. TKO’s Head of Compliance & Privacy has previously served as the general counsel of a publicly traded company, led corporate privacy functions for several publicly traded companies, and been a Certified Information Privacy Professional (US) since 2015. TKO’s Chief Information Officer has decades of experience leading digital transformation and cybersecurity programs and initiatives across a variety of industries. Our management team takes steps to stay informed about and monitor efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.

Our continually evolving cybersecurity strategies are informed by multiple threat intelligence resources, the status of ongoing remediation plans, and technical developments. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. See Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business — Failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.”

Cybersecurity Governance

Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) oversight of cybersecurity risks, including oversight of management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program. The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from management on our cybersecurity risks, and also receives, at least annually, a detailed briefing from management on our cyber risk management program’s status including all strategic initiatives. In addition, management updates the Audit Committee, where it deems appropriate, regarding cybersecurity incidents it considers to be significant or potentially significant, consistent with written escalation protocols. The Audit Committee members also receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from TKO's Chief Information Officer and SVP, Global Privacy & Cybersecurity, internal security staff or external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. The full Board receives regular updates regarding the Audit Committee’s activities.

Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) oversight of cybersecurity risks, including oversight of management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program.

The Audit Committee receives quarterly reports from management on our cybersecurity risks, and also receives, at least annually, a detailed briefing from management on our cyber risk management program’s status including all strategic initiatives. In addition, management updates the Audit Committee, where it deems appropriate, regarding cybersecurity incidents it considers to be significant or potentially significant, consistent with written escalation protocols. The Audit Committee members also receive presentations on cybersecurity topics from TKO's Chief Information Officer and SVP, Global Privacy & Cybersecurity, internal security staff or external experts as part of the Board’s continuing education on topics that impact public companies. The full Board receives regular updates regarding the Audit Committee’s activities.

Our management team, including TKO’s Chief Information Officer and SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats . The Chief Information Officer is responsible for implementation and enforcement of written information security policies. The Chief Information Officer has designated leaders, including the SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, to be responsible for overall management of the information security management program , including developing and operating within defined global information security controls designed to protect our IT systems, selecting and supervising retained cybersecurity consultants, and working with Legal, Compliance, and Human Resources personnel to develop and launch appropriate information security training of our workforce. Our management team has decades of experience leading and managing cybersecurity teams as well as professional credentials in cybersecurity and data privacy . In 2025, TKO’s SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, led a team of two dedicated privacy professionals in the TKO Legal department. TKO’s Head of Compliance & Privacy has previously served as the general counsel of a publicly traded company, led corporate privacy functions for several publicly traded companies, and been a Certified Information Privacy Professional (US) since 2015. TKO’s Chief Information Officer has decades of experience leading digital transformation and cybersecurity programs and initiatives across a variety of industries. Our management team takes steps to stay informed about and monitor efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.

Our management team, including TKO’s Chief Information Officer and SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats . The Chief Information Officer is responsible for implementation and enforcement of written information security policies. The Chief Information Officer has designated leaders, including the SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, to be responsible for overall management of the information security management program , including developing and operating within defined global information security controls designed to protect our IT systems, selecting and supervising retained cybersecurity consultants, and working with Legal, Compliance, and Human Resources personnel to develop and launch appropriate information security training of our workforce. Our management team has decades of experience leading and managing cybersecurity teams as well as professional credentials in cybersecurity and data privacy . In 2025, TKO’s SVP, Head of Compliance & Privacy, led a team of two dedicated privacy professionals in the TKO Legal department. TKO’s Head of Compliance & Privacy has previously served as the general counsel of a publicly traded company, led corporate privacy functions for several publicly traded companies, and been a Certified Information Privacy Professional (US) since 2015. TKO’s Chief Information Officer has decades of experience leading digital transformation and cybersecurity programs and initiatives across a variety of industries.

Our management team takes steps to stay informed about and monitor efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.
