Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securit ies

Market Information

Our Class A common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE under the symbol “TKO.” Our Class B common stock is not listed nor traded on any stock exchange.

Holders

As of January 30, 2026, there were 5,984 holders of record of our outstanding Class A common stock and four holders of our outstanding Class B common stock. These numbers do not include those who hold in “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, financial institutions and other nominees.

Dividend Policy

In October 2024, the Company announced that the Board had approved a quarterly cash dividend program pursuant to which holders of TKO's Class A common stock would receive their pro rata share of approximately $75 million in quarterly distributions to be made by TKO OpCo. This amount was increased to $150 million as of September 2025. No dividends are declared or paid on the Company’s Class B common stock, which does not have economic rights.

Our ability to pay distributions and the amount of any dividends ultimately paid in respect of our common stock is, in each case, subject to us receiving funds, directly or indirectly, from our operating subsidiaries, including the operating subsidiaries of TKO OpCo.

Furthermore, the ability of the operating subsidiaries of TKO OpCo to make distributions to us depends on the satisfaction of applicable state law and is subject to any covenants and restrictions in existing agreements with respect to such distributions, and the ability of TKO OpCo to receive distributions from its own subsidiaries will continue to depend on applicable state law with respect to such distributions. There can be no guarantee that our stockholders will receive or be entitled to dividends.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities

None.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

The following table presents information with respect to purchases of Class A common stock of the Company made during the three months ended December 31, 2025:

Includes shares of our Class A common stock (i) delivered as final settlement of the ASR Agreement and (ii) repurchased under the 10b5-1 Plan (as defined below), in each case in connection with our previously announced $2 billion share repurchase program.

Average price paid per share excludes any broker commissions and other costs of execution, including excise taxes. On completion of the ASR Agreement on November 18, 2025, the Company received a final delivery of 1,053,960 shares of Class A common stock, in addition to the initial delivery of 3,161,430 shares on September 16, 2025. The final number of shares delivered upon settlement of the $800.0 million ASR Agreement was determined based on the volume-weighted average price of $189.78 per share of the Company’s Class A common stock during the term of the agreement, less a discount, and subject to customary adjustments pursuant to the terms and conditions of the ASR Agreement. On November 18, 2025, we began conducting repurchases under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which provides for the repurchase of up to $174 million of our outstanding Class A common stock (the "10b5-1 Plan"). The 10b5-1 Plan will remain in effect until the earliest of (i) February 26, 2026, (ii) the date all shares have been repurchased, or (iii) its termination pursuant to its terms.

On October 24, 2024, we announced that our Board had authorized a share repurchase program of up to $2 billion of our Class A common stock. We will determine at our discretion the timing and the amount of any repurchases based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, and other factors. Repurchases under the share repurchase program may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, and we are not obligated to acquire any particular amount under the share repurchase program. The share repurchase program has no expiration, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time.

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph illustrates the total return from September 12, 2023 (the date our Class A common stock began trading on NYSE) through December 31, 2025, for (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the S&P MidCap 400 Index, and (iii) the S&P 1500 Media and Entertainment Industry Group Index. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on September 12, 2023 in each of our Class A common stock, the S&P MidCap 400 Index, and the S&P 1500 Media and Entertainment Industry Group Index, and that any dividends were reinvested. The comparisons reflected in the graph are not intended to forecast the future performance of our stock and may not be indicative of our future performance.

Item 6. [Reserv ed]
