UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

___________________________________________________________________

FORM 10-K

___________________________________________________________________

Commission File Number: 001-41797

TKO GROUP HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

200 Fifth Ave, 7th Floor

New York , NY 10010

(Address of principal executive offices)

( 646 ) 558-8333

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2025, was $ 13,650,540,272 . Solely for the purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by the registrant's executive officers, directors and certain of its stockholders as of such date have been excluded because such holders may be deemed to be affiliates.

As of January 30, 2026, th ere were 77,966,338 shares of the Registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding and 116,158,615 share s of the Registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Certain portions of the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant's 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Certain portions of the registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant's 2026 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABL E OF CONTENTS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEME NTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Annual Report”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). All statements other than statements of present and historical fact contained in this Annual Report, including without limitation, statements regarding; our expectations surrounding the TKO Transactions and our ability to grow our business and bolster our financial position; our expectations regarding strategic transactions; our expectation regarding actions under our capital return program, including the amount and frequency of share repurchases and dividends; our expected contractual obligations and capital expenditures; our status as a controlled company; our future results of operations and financial position; industry and business trends; the impact of market conditions and other macroeconomic factors on our business, financial condition and results of operations; our future business strategy, plans, market growth and our objectives for future operations; and our competitive market position within our industry are forward-looking statements.

Without limiting the foregoing, you can generally identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “mission,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” “target,” “contemplate,” or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology and expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are only predictions and are based on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including but not limited to important risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report and our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).

These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from those implied by forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference herein completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by applicable law, we have no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise.

DEFINITION S

As used in this Annual Report, unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires:

“we,” “us,” “our,” “TKO Group Holdings,” “TKO,” the “Company,” and similar references refer (1) prior to the consummation of the TKO Transactions to Zuffa (each as defined below), and (2) after the consummation of the TKO Transactions to TKO Group Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

“Acquired Businesses” refers to the businesses we acquired in the Endeavor Asset Acquisition.

“Board” refers to the board of directors of TKO Group Holdings.

“business combination” refers to the combination of the businesses of WWE and TKO OpCo.

“Class A common stock” refers to the Class A common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of TKO.

“Class B common stock” refers to the Class B common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of TKO.

“DGCL” refers to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

“EGH Parties” refers to Endeavor OpCo and IMG Worldwide, LLC.

“Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.,” “Endeavor” or “EGH” refers to Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

“Endeavor Asset Acquisition” refers to our acquisition, from affiliates of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., of the IMG business, including certain businesses operating under the IMG brand, On Location and Professional Bull Riders (“PBR”). The Endeavor Asset Acquisition was accounted for as a common control acquisition and was consummated on February 28, 2025.

“Endeavor OpCo” refers to Endeavor Operating Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of Endeavor.

“Endeavor Take-Private” refers to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 2, 2024, by and among Wildcat EGH Holdco, L.P., Wildcat OpCo Holdco, L.P., Wildcat PubCo Merger Sub, Inc., Wildcat Manager Merger Sub, L.L.C., Wildcat OpCo Merger Sub, L.L.C., Endeavor Executive Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive II Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Executive PIU Holdco, LLC, Endeavor Manager, LLC, Endeavor OpCo and Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which affiliates of Silver Lake agreed to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.’s stock that Silver Lake did not already own (subject to certain exceptions). The Endeavor Take-Private was completed on March 24, 2025.

“fully-diluted basis” means on a basis calculated assuming the full cash exercise (and not net settlement but, for the avoidance of doubt, including the conversion of the Convertible Notes (to the extent not converted prior to closing of the TKO Transactions)) of all outstanding options, warrants, restricted stock units, performance stock units, dividend equivalent rights and other rights and obligations (including any promised equity awards and assuming the full issuance of the shares underlying such awards) to acquire voting interests of TKO Group Holdings (without regard to any vesting provisions and, with respect to any promised awards whose issuance is conditioned in full or in part based on achievement of performance goals or metrics, assuming achievement at target performance) and the full conversion, exercise, exchange, settlement of all issued and outstanding securities convertible into or exercisable, exchangeable or settleable for voting interests of TKO Group Holdings, not including any voting interests of TKO Group Holdings reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under any option, equity bonus, share purchase or other equity incentive plan or arrangement of TKO Group Holdings (other than promised awards described above), and any other interests or shares, as applicable, that may be issued or exercised. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition assumes no net settlement or other reduction in respect of withholding tax obligations in connection with the issuance, conversion, exercise, exchange or settlement of such rights or obligations to acquire interests of TKO Group Holdings as described in the foregoing.

“NYSE” refers to the New York Stock Exchange.

“Services Agreement” means the services agreement dated as of September 12, 2023, by and between Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc. and TKO OpCo. On the closing date of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition, the Services Agreement was terminated, and the Transition Services Agreement was entered into with Endeavor OpCo and the other parties thereto.

“Silver Lake” refers to (a) any funds, partnerships, co-investment entities, managed accounts and other investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed, advised, sponsored or controlled by, Silver Lake Group, L.L.C. or one or more of its Affiliates and (b) any Person controlled by or under common control with one or more of the foregoing.

“TKO OpCo” refers to TKO Operating Company, LLC (f/k/a Zuffa Parent LLC), a Delaware limited liability company and our direct subsidiary.

“TKO OpCo Units” refers to all of the existing equity interests in TKO OpCo.

“TKO Transactions” refer, collectively, to the combination of the businesses of UFC and WWE under TKO Group Holdings, Inc. consummated in September 2023. The transactions were in accordance with the Transaction Agreement (defined below) (i) WWE undertook certain internal restructuring steps; (ii) Whale Merger Sub Inc. merged with and into WWE (the “Merger”), with WWE surviving the Merger (the “Surviving Entity”) and becoming a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; (iii) immediately following the Merger, the Company caused the Surviving Entity to be converted into a Delaware limited liability company (“WWE LLC”) and the Company became the sole managing member of WWE LLC (the “Conversion”); and (iv) following the Conversion, TKO Group Holdings, Inc. (x) contributed all of the equity interests of WWE LLC to TKO OpCo in exchange for 49% of the membership interests in TKO OpCo on a fully diluted basis, and (y) issued to Endeavor OpCo and certain of Endeavor’s other subsidiaries a number of shares of our Class B common stock representing, in the aggregate, approximately 51% of the total voting interests of the Company’s stock on a fully-diluted basis, in exchange for a payment equal to the par value of such Class B common stock.

“Transaction Agreement” refers to the transaction agreement, dated as of April 2, 2023, by and among Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc., Endeavor OpCo, TKO OpCo, WWE, TKO Group Holdings, and Whale Merger Sub Inc.

“Transition Services Agreement” refers to the transition services agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and between Endeavor OpCo, IMG Worldwide, LLC, Trans World International, LLC (“TWI”), TKO OpCo and TKO Group Holdings.

“UFC” refers to the Ultimate Fighting Championship.

“WWE” refers to World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. (n/k/a World Wrestling Entertainment, LLC).

“Zuffa” refers to Zuffa Parent, LLC (n/k/a TKO Operating Company, LLC or TKO OpCo).

RISK FACTOR SUMMA RY

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our securities. Principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following:

our ability to generate revenue from discretionary and corporate spending on events, such as corporate sponsorships and advertising, is subject to many factors, including many that are beyond our control, such as general macroeconomic conditions;

we depend on key relationships with television and cable networks, satellite providers, digital streaming partners and other distribution partners. Our failure to maintain, renew or replace key agreements could adversely affect our ability to distribute our media content, and/or other of our goods and services, which could adversely affect our operating results;

we may not be able to adapt to or manage new content distribution platforms or changes in consumer behavior resulting from new technologies;

we may be unsuccessful in our strategic acquisitions, investments and commercial agreements, and we may pursue acquisitions, investments or commercial agreements for their strategic value in spite of the risk of lack of profitability;

because our success depends substantially on our ability to maintain a professional reputation, adverse publicity concerning us, or our key personnel could adversely affect our business;

the markets in which we operate are highly competitive, rapidly changing and increasingly fragmented, both within the United States and internationally, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could adversely affect our operating results;

failure to protect our IT Systems and Confidential Information (both terms as defined in Part I, Item 1A. "Risk Factors") against breakdowns, security breaches, and other cybersecurity risks could result in financial penalties, legal liability, and/or reputational harm, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition;

we are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business;

we depend on the continued services of executive management and other key employees. The loss or diminished performance of these individuals could adversely affect our business;

changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences and industry trends could reduce demand for our content offerings and adversely affect our business;

owning and managing events for which we sell media and sponsorship rights, ticketing and hospitality exposes us to greater financial risk. Additionally, we may be prohibited from promoting and conducting our live events if we do not comply with applicable regulations. If our live events are not financially successful, our business could be adversely affected;

our business and operating results may be affected by the outcome of pending and future litigation, investigations, claims and other disputes;

we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all;

we are a holding company whose principal assets are the TKO OpCo Units we hold in TKO OpCo and, accordingly, we are dependent upon distributions from TKO OpCo to pay taxes and other expenses;

we are currently controlled by Silver Lake through its ownership and control of Endeavor. The interests of Endeavor or Silver Lake may differ from the interests of other stockholders of TKO Group Holdings;

if Endeavor or its subsidiaries sell a controlling interest in us to a third party in a private transaction, we may become subject to the control of a presently unknown third party;

we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition;

the market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and holders of our Class A common stock may be unable to resell their Class A common stock at or above their purchase price or at all;

we cannot guarantee we will conduct share repurchases or pay dividends in any specified amounts or particular frequency;

tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results; and

TKO OpCo may be required to pay additional taxes as a result of the partnership audit rules.

PA RT I

It em 1. Business

TKO is a premium sports and entertainment company. TKO's businesses include UFC, the world’s premier mixed martial arts (“MMA”) organization; WWE, the global leader in sports entertainment; Professional Bull Riders (“PBR”), the world’s premier bull riding organization; and its joint venture Zuffa Boxing, a professional boxing promotion. Together, these properties reach more than 1 billion households across 210 countries and territories and organize more than 500 live events year-round, attracting more than three million fans. TKO also services and partners with major sports rights holders through IMG, an industry-leading global sports marketing agency; and On Location, a global leader in premium experiential hospitality.

TKO was initially established through the combination of UFC and WWE in September 2023. The combination of these two businesses united two complementary sports and sports entertainment properties in a single company. We significantly expanded our portfolio on February 28, 2025, when we completed the Endeavor Asset Acquisition, pursuant to which we acquired the IMG business, including certain businesses operating under the IMG brand, On Location, and PBR (collectively, the “Acquired Businesses”) from EGH and its subsidiaries. The transaction was valued at approximately $3.25 billion plus a $50 million purchase price adjustment (based on the volume-weighted average sales price of TKO’s Class A common stock for the twenty-five trading days ending on October 23, 2024), and was satisfied through the issuance of 26.54 million common units of TKO OpCo and an equivalent number of corresponding shares of TKO Class B common stock to the EGH Parties. This acquisition expanded TKO's operational capabilities across the sports landscape. We combine premier intellectual property ownership (UFC, WWE, PBR) with extensive capabilities in media rights distribution (IMG) and premium hospitality experiences (On Location), allowing us to maximize value across our assets and provide premier services to global rights holders and strategic partners.

We believe TKO’s businesses are well-positioned among sports, media and entertainment peers given our comprehensive portfolio of premium intellectual property, global media distribution capabilities, and experiential offerings. The addition of IMG, a global leader in sports, events, and media, and On Location, a premium experiential hospitality provider for marquee global events, significantly expands our engagement with our global fanbase. Finally, PBR provides us with additional live event programming and media content. In total, our combined portfolio allows us to engage fans across the entire sports ecosystem, from media consumption to premium live event experiences.

Our management team has deep expertise in sports, media, and live events. Ariel Emanuel serves as CEO and Executive Chair and Mark Shapiro serves as President and COO at TKO. They each have decades of experience founding, acquiring, and scaling sports and entertainment businesses, including UFC, which Endeavor acquired in 2016 and subsequently executed a strategy that drove substantial value creation for shareholders. TKO's leadership team brings deep institutional and operational knowledge to our business, and we believe their proven track record of performance positions us to successfully execute organic and inorganic growth opportunities at TKO. We view this as a key competitive advantage within the dynamic sports and entertainment landscape.

The Company monetizes its media and content properties through four principal activities: (i) Media rights, production, and content, (ii) Live events and hospitality, (iii) Partnerships and marketing and (iv) Consumer products licensing, which are covered in greater detail in the “Overview of Revenue Sources” section of this Annual Report. A summary of our principal activities is presented in the table below:

The popularity of our marquee companies makes us attractive to media distribution and corporate partners. Across our portfolio, we have agreements with leading distributors, including Paramount, Disney’s ESPN, Netflix, Versant, the CW, Rogers Sportsnet, WBDSports, and DAZN, among others, enabling our content to reach audiences around the globe. We have partnerships and marketing agreements with a wide variety of leading brands including Meta, Ram Trucks, Anheuser-Busch, IBM, Procter & Gamble, Monster Energy, Cuervo, Total Wireless, Wingstop, Slim Jim, and others across multiple categories. Our track record building our properties is driven by the quality and quantity of our program offerings and the favorable demographic profile of our core and growing fanbases.

UFC, the world’s premier professional MMA organization, produces more than 40 live events annually which are broadcast in over 170 countries and territories to over 950 million TV households. UFC is among the most popular sports organizations in the world, reaching a global audience through an increasing array of global broadcast license agreements and our owned FIGHT PASS streaming platform. The value of our content is demonstrated by our licensing arrangements with Paramount+ and other international broadcasters, and our increasing consumer engagement is evidenced by the overall follower growth and engagement across our social channels. As of December 31, 2025, UFC has more than 700 million fans who skew young and diverse, as well as approximately 350 million social media followers.

WWE, the global leader in sports entertainment, produces and distributes unique and creative content through various channels, including content rights agreements with distribution partners including Netflix, ESPN, Versant, and the CW for its weekly programs, Raw, SmackDown and NXT , and Premium Live Events, monetization across social media outlets, live events, and licensing of various WWE themed consumer products. WWE has over 700 million fans and approximately 490 million social media followers, inclusive of talent pages. WWE counts more than 110 million YouTube subscribers, making it one of the most viewed YouTube channels globally, and its year-round programming is available in over one billion households worldwide in more than 20 languages.

The IMG business is a leading global sports marketing company, specializing in media rights management and sales, multi-channel content production and distribution, brand partnerships, strategic consulting, digital services, and event management. It powers revenue, fanbase, and IP growth for more than 300 federations, associations, events, and teams, including the English Premier League, Major League Soccer, The R&A, Wimbledon, DP World Tour, ATP and WTA Tours, the National Football League, CONMEBOL, Euroleague Basketball, Saudi Pro League, as well as its owned channel Sport 24.

On Location is a premium experiential hospitality business, offering ticketing, curated guest experiences, live event production and travel management across sports and entertainment. On Location provides unrivaled access for corporate clients and fans looking for official, immersive experiences at marquee events, including the 2024, 2026 and 2028 Summer and Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, FIFA World Cup 26, Super Bowl, NCAA Final Four, WWE, UFC, and more.

PBR is the world’s premier bull riding organization. Currently, there are more than 1,000 bull riders who compete in more than 200 events annually across the PBR Unleash The Beast tour, which features the top bull riders in the world; the PBR Pendleton Whisky

Velocity Tour; the PBR Touring Pro Division; and international circuits in Australia, Brazil, and Canada. In addition, bull riders compete in the PBR Team Series, currently comprising 10 teams, as well as in the PBR Challenger Series, with more than 50 annual events nationwide. PBR Teams League and Unleash The Beast events are broadcast on CBS Television Network, with Teams League events also airing on the CW Network, for a combined reach of over 40 million viewers each year. Fans can also stream Unleash the Beast on Paramount+ and access the Teams League via FOX Nation, further extending PBR's reach into the digital space.

We believe our companies are well positioned for the future of media. We have the flexibility to deliver our content across channels to meet our fans where they are consuming media. Our multichannel distribution model enables TKO to capitalize on increased competition for premium live sports rights and sports entertainment programming across digital and linear services. We license our media rights under long-term contracts to leading distributors globally. The contractual, recurring nature of our revenue base provides our business with good visibility into revenue growth, which supports further investment in our products and adjacent content reinforcing the value of our properties to our fans and partners.

Overview of Revenue Sources

Media Rights, Production and Content

We generate revenue from the licensing of our live events and original programming to domestic and international broadcasters and distributors that carry our programming on digital and linear channels and via pay-per-view (“PPV”). Original programming includes long and short-form content, reality series and other filmed entertainment. Through the acquisition of IMG as part of the Endeavor Asset Acquisition on February 28, 2025, we also generate revenue by acting as a global distributor of sports programming, negotiating and selling media rights on behalf of rights holders, and providing content production and distribution services across a broad range of sports and live events.

License agreements with broadcasters and distributors have various terms typically ranging from three to five years, although certain of our most significant agreements are longer and range from seven to 10 years. We negotiate agreements with a renewal horizon that reflects the growing popularity of our programming.

From 2019 through 2025, ESPN was the exclusive broadcaster of UFC live events in the U.S., including PPV events. In August 2025, UFC announced a new seven-year partnership with Paramount, a Skydance Corporation ("Paramount"), to become the exclusive home of all UFC events in the U.S. Starting in 2026, Paramount will exclusively distribute UFC’s full slate of 13 marquee numbered events and 30 Fight Nights via its direct-to-consumer streaming platform, Paramount+, with select numbered events to be simulcast on CBS, Paramount’s leading broadcast network. In October 2025, UFC expanded its partnership with Paramount, securing UFC media rights for Paramount+ across Latin America and Australia starting in 2026.

For WWE, media rights fees consist primarily of licensing revenues from the distribution of Raw , SmackDown , NXT and Premium Live Events ("PLEs"). WWE has entered partnerships with major distribution networks, such as Netflix, Versant/USA Network, and the CW, to distribute content across the U.S. Since January 2025, Netflix has been the exclusive global home to Raw . In the U.S. market, SmackDown is distributed through a five-year agreement with Versant that ends in 2029. Additionally, since January 2025 and as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including PLEs, has been available on Netflix. The agreement has an initial 10-year term, with an option for Netflix to extend for an additional 10 years and to opt out after the initial five years. In August 2025, WWE entered into a partnership with ESPN, making ESPN platforms, including its new streaming service, the exclusive U.S. home for all WWE PLEs and positioning ESPN as the primary destination for WWE's biggest shows, with Wrestlepalooza kicking off the partnership on September 20, 2025. This five-year agreement brings major PLEs ( WrestleMania , Royal Rumble , SummerSlam , Survivor Series ) to ESPN's direct-to-consumer service, with select simulcasting on linear channels and rights to pre/post-show content.

While our major live events are now primarily delivered through established partners like Paramount+ in the U.S., UFC FIGHT PASS continues to provide fans globally with access to live early preliminary bouts and an expansive video-on-demand library of historical and original content. This platform allows UFC to maintain a direct customer relationship in markets where it is economically favorable compared to third-party licensing, and serves as a specialized destination for our most dedicated audience to access our full historical archive.

WWE Network provides WWE fans an expansive library of archived content and non-live original content per year, including second runs of in-ring television programming, exclusive original programming, documentaries, reality shows, and specials. Beginning March 2021, Peacock was the exclusive U.S. home to WWE Network in connection with a multi-year license agreement. In September 2025, WWE PLEs moved from Peacock to ESPN as a result of the new multi-year partnership with ESPN. WWE Network content is also licensed in certain international markets. As mentioned previously, since January 2025 and as rights become available globally, distribution for all WWE content outside the U.S., including PLEs, is available on Netflix. Most recently, in January 2026, Netflix became the new U.S. home for WWE’s archival library of PLEs, as well as award-winning documentaries and original programming.

Live Events and Hospitality

We deliver compelling, year-round live events and premium hospitality experiences around the world. Our live event portfolio includes UFC, WWE, and PBR, which collectively showcases a talented roster of UFC athletes, WWE Superstars, and professional bull riders. Live events generate revenue through the sale of tickets, site fees, travel packages, and VIP experiences. Additionally, through On Location, we generate revenue by providing premium experiential hospitality, ticketing and travel management for marquee global sports and entertainment events.

Across our properties, TKO hosts hundreds of annual live events in multiple countries and marquee venues, including New York’s Madison Square Garden, London’s O2 Arena, and Las Vegas' T-Mobile Arena. Our tentpole live events include UFC numbered events, WWE's WrestleMania , and SummerSlam , among others. These events regularly sell out. In 2025, UFC set eight new, all-time-highest-grossing event records at several arenas in key markets, including the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles (UFC 311), which became the highest-grossing MMA event in California history; Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney, Australia (UFC 312); and Bell Centre in Montreal, Canada (UFC 315). Also in 2025, WrestleMania 41 in Las Vegas attracted over 118,000 attendees over the course of the two-day event, while our Royal Rumble event at Lucas Oil Stadium became the highest-grossing Royal Rumble in history.

Partnerships and Marketing

TKO generates partnerships revenue from the sale of in-venue and in-broadcast advertising assets, content product integration and digital impressions across UFC, WWE and PBR. Marketing revenues are also driven by original content on third-party social media platforms. Additionally, through IMG, we generate commissions and fees by selling sponsorship assets on behalf of third-party clients and rights holders.

Partnerships revenues are generated from partners who promote their products utilizing the broad reach of TKO’s premium properties. Our global sales force has established partnerships with major brands worldwide across a variety of industries. The unique but complementary nature of our properties enables us to offer differentiated partnership products, providing access to scaled promotion, as well as more targeted audiences across our entire portfolio, to meet the unique needs of our partners. We continue to expand the categories and volume of our partnerships with major brands, such as IBM, Meta, Polymarket, Ram Trucks, Crypto.com, DoorDash, Coca-Cola (Minute Maid), Sazerac, and Nestle.

We create unique brand integration opportunities through our control over production, including UFC's high-definition LED Fight Clock and Fight Deck displays, WWE's in-ring product activations, and PBR's arena signage. Through IMG's global sales networks, we also manage comprehensive partnership programs for leading sports federations and leagues, further diversifying our revenue based beyond our owned IP.

Consumer Products Licensing and Other

TKO merchandises UFC, WWE and PBR across a diverse range of branded products, including video games, apparel, equipment, trading cards, memorabilia, digital goods, and toys. We partner with major global companies to sell branded merchandise through licensing arrangements and direct-to-consumer sales. Revenues principally consist of royalties and license fees related to branded products and sales of merchandise distributed at live events and through eCommerce platforms.

We have licensing partnerships with major retailers and brands worldwide. Video games and toys are among the largest components of our licensing programs. UFC has multi-year licensing agreements with EA Sports to produce and sell UFC-branded console video games and with Fanatics to produce and sell event merchandise. Similarly, WWE has a multi-year licensing agreement with Take-Two Interactive Software to produce and sell WWE-branded console video games. WWE also has a multi-year licensing agreement with Mattel, Inc., its exclusive toy licensee, covering all global territories and, beginning July 2022, WWE launched an exclusive, multi-year partnership with Fanatics that includes WWE Shop, a premier e-commerce and mobile destination. WWE also distributes its products through major retailers such as Walmart, Target, Pacsun, Smyth’s, and GameStop. Similarly, UFC maintains licensing partnerships with over 50 premium brands, including EA Sports, Project Rock by Under Armour, and Venum. PBR maintains licensing partnerships across key categories including apparel, accessories, and toys, with Legends managing our e-commerce and in-venue retail operations and a retail footprint that includes Boot Barn, Cavender’s, and Tilly’s.

Additionally, TKO provides executive and operational services to certain joint ventures and receives an annual fee for such services. In March 2025, the Company entered into a joint venture with Sela Company to launch Zuffa Boxing, a new global boxing promotion business that provides a premier platform for both leading boxers and prospects in the sport. As a partner in the joint venture, TKO provides essential promotional, operational, and media rights distribution support. TKO utilizes its global sales and marketing infrastructure and live event production expertise to facilitate the execution of Zuffa Boxing's large-scale boxing events and to maximize the reach of its media content.

Growth Vectors

We believe TKO is well-positioned to benefit from secular tailwinds in both sports and entertainment. Live sports and sports entertainment remain important for both traditional linear platform providers as well as streamers and technology entrants. As a result, the value of media rights for unique assets, such as UFC and WWE, have appreciated consistently. We anticipate realizing growth in media rights content agreements upon contract renewals that materialize over the coming years, reflecting the increased value of our premium content to linear and streaming channels, as well as the broader trend of premium live sports and entertainment content rights generally increasing in value across renewal cycles. We believe we can generate more content in various formats to acquire and engage new and existing fans, generate license fees from distribution partners, and drive increased adoption of our direct-to-consumer offerings, UFC FIGHT PASS and WWE Network. TKO drives economic benefits to the cities that host WWE and UFC events, which we believe will lead to growth in site fees as jurisdictions vie to bring premium events to their market. For example, WrestleMania in April 2025 generated significant economic impact for the Las Vegas region. Similarly, UFC 311 in Los Angeles and UFC 312 in Sydney, Australia drove significant local economic activity, with the latter setting a new arena gate record for the region.

International

As of December 31, 2025, a majority of UFC and WWE fans are from international markets. We see a significant opportunity to further monetize and grow in existing international markets through traditional distribution partnerships, direct-to-consumer offerings, live events, consumer products, and partnerships.

In addition to further monetizing our existing international markets, we are also focused on the international expansion of our content and programming distribution, with efforts across Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East offering significant growth potential. We believe our success to date through our live events, extensive international distribution infrastructure, and international talent demonstrates our ability to sustain future international growth of our properties. UFC content reaches over 950 million households across 50 broadcast partners in over 50 languages in more than 170 countries. As of December 31, 2025, WWE content reached more than one billion households in 24 languages in more than 150 countries.

Live Events and Hospitality

Live events remain a core growth driver for TKO. We believe we can grow live events and hospitality revenues by increasing ticket sales, maximizing site fees, and expanding premium VIP hospitality offerings to drive higher per event revenues to optimize monetization across events. Compelling, live experiences are at the core of TKO, driving the strength of our companies and fan engagement.

The integration of On Location into TKO has enabled us to directly capture growth from premium experiential hospitality offerings tied to major sporting events and entertainment properties such as the NFL and FIFA. By offering curated packages that combine tickets, hospitality, accommodations, and exclusive experiences, we believe we can increase per-fan economics while expanding our reach to corporate customers and high-value consumers globally.

Over UFC's history, we have successfully held events in more than 150 cities internationally, and in 2025 visited Sydney, Australia, Doha, Qatar, Baku, Azerbaijan, Shanghai, China, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, London, United Kingdom, Los Angeles, California and Las Vegas, Nevada, among other major destinations. During 2025, WWE produced several international events, including PLEs in key markets across Europe and Latin America, in addition to events produced through our partnership with the General Entertainment Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Moreover, live events have the potential to drive significant economic output for host cities from new job creation, salaries and wages, taxes, and other economic activity. Consequently, as the popularity of TKO live events grows, we expect to have a greater ability to secure site fees from local governments or tourism organizations in certain jurisdictions.

Partnerships and Marketing

TKO is also distinguished by the attractive fan demographics of its brands. The multicultural foundation of the fighting styles incorporated in MMA and the ubiquitous nature of wrestling resonates with audiences from diverse cultural and demographic backgrounds all over the world. As of December 31, 2025, we estimate that the fanbases of UFC and WWE are approximately 38% and 41% female, respectively. UFC and WWE fans also skew younger on average, with a median age of 37 years old and 35 years old, respectively, than those of traditional U.S. sports leagues with a range of 38 to 47 years old.

We believe the differentiated fanbases of our companies make TKO a valued partner for sponsors looking to access this attractive demographic. Our unified global partnership team provides brands with access to one of the most formidable sports marketing portfolios in the world. We expect to increase product activations across platforms and formats, expand and monetize additional staple partnership categories, provide additional inventory and assets through innovative new partnership offerings, and improve sell-through, particularly in international markets. As such, we anticipate the acceleration of our properties and talent placement across partnerships, as well as

greater cross-selling opportunities with our product licensing partners by leveraging technology, thus driving incremental revenue from new on-screen graphics assets. The addition of PBR and IMG's portfolio further diversifies our offering.

Consumer Products Licensing

Product licensing and merchandising is a growing category for TKO. We believe there is an opportunity to continue to scale our consumer products division through opportunities in many product categories, including apparel, casual games, and online betting platforms, in addition to expanding direct-to-retail channels in the U.S. and globally.

As such, we continually seek exclusive, multi-year partnerships with leading organizations to develop new products and further expand our licensing business. For example, UFC’s partnership with EA Sports and WWE’s partnership with Take-Two Interactive Software allows us to remain agile as content can be updated for new characters, game modes, and story plots for enhanced game play. Additionally, UFC and WWE have exclusive, multi-year partnerships with Fanatics across a variety of product categories.

Structural Advantages

Based on our organizational structure, we believe we are well-positioned to effectively and efficiently navigate the rapidly evolving sports and entertainment landscape relative to other sports and entertainment offerings. UFC and WWE’s governance structures do not involve a franchise system with multiple owner-operators as is common in team sports. Importantly, UFC does not rely on a network of independent promoters as is found in other combat sports. While PBR operates a franchise-based Team Series, it maintains unilateral control over its core individual touring properties. These structural advantages allow us to make decisions unilaterally and to react swiftly and nimbly to changes in consumption habits and fan preferences and to address customer needs. We also have autonomy and oversight over our content production and intellectual property, including domestic and international media rights, which we believe enables us to optimize distribution and production quality.

The acquisition of the IMG business, On Location and PBR further enhances our structural advantages. The IMG business provides global scale, long-standing client relationships, and deep expertise across sports marketing, media rights advisory, content production, and event management. On Location expands our capabilities in premium experiential hospitality, allowing us to integrate ticketing, travel, and curated experiences around marquee events. PBR strengthens our portfolio of owned sports properties with a scalable global live events platform and complementary fan demographics.

Unlike traditional sports leagues, we host live events year-round and are not constrained by a seasonal format. In the year ended December 31, 2025, TKO hosted over 500 live events in locations around the world across UFC, WWE and PBR. We maintain the flexibility to scale the number of events hosted each year to meet consumer demand. We also determine the location of each event, which helps us acquire new fans across geographies globally and strengthen our brand reach.

Competition

The entertainment and sports services industries are highly competitive and subject to fluctuations in popularity, which are not easy to predict. For our live event and media content audiences, we face competition from professional and college sports (including other MMA promotions), scripted wrestling promotions, other live, filmed, televised, and streamed entertainment, as well as other leisure activities. We continue to face increased competition from websites, mobile, and other internet-connected apps delivering paid and free content as streamed media offerings continue to expand.

With the addition of the IMG business and On Location, we now also compete in the highly fragmented markets for sports representation and experiential hospitality. We face competition from other global sports marketing agencies and premium hospitality providers that compete for rights holders and corporate clients.

For purchases of our merchandise, we compete with entertainment companies, professional and college sports leagues, and other makers of branded apparel and merchandise. In addition, our properties compete respectively for talent with other live combat sports and sports entertainment platforms, and work to develop and discover emerging talent.

Talent Discovery and Development

UFC Athletes

Essential to the success of UFC and the sport of MMA is the ability to discover and promote athletes globally. UFC athletes are independent contractors. As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 650 UFC athletes representing more than 70 countries, of which nearly 20% were female and 60% originated from outside of the U.S.

UFC discovers new athletes via multiple methods, including staging talent discovery shows such as The Ultimate Fighter, Dana White's Lookin’ for a Fight, Dana White’s Contender Series, and Road to UFC. UFC also discovers and evaluates talent through its

UFC Academies in China and Mexico, which provide younger MMA athletes with a platform to develop their skills and abilities while competing in local promotions ahead of a potential career in UFC.

To advance the sport of MMA, UFC established the UFC Performance Institutes, which are designed to accelerate knowledge and understanding of MMA by delivering interdisciplinary services, evidence-based science, sports medicine, innovation, and technology, while sharing best practices for performance optimization with athletes and coaches around the world. The first Performance Institute opened in Las Vegas in 2017. The second location opened in Shanghai in 2019. A third location opened in Mexico City in February 2024.

WWE Superstars

The success of WWE is due primarily to the continuing popularity of its Superstars. WWE Superstars are independent contractors. As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 215 WWE Superstars under contract from more than 25 countries, of which approximately 35% were female. Contracts for WWE Superstars range from multi-year guaranteed contracts with established Superstars to developmental contracts with our Superstars in training.

WWE’s talent development system, including the NXT division, has produced more than 75% of WWE’s current active main roster stars, such as Roman Reigns, Seth Rollins, Bron Breakker, Charlotte Flair, Rhea Ripley, and Becky Lynch. NXT has evolved into WWE’s third brand after Raw and SmackDown and has transitioned into a weekly live television series. More than 20% of WWE’s developmental talent come from countries outside the U.S., including Nigeria, Japan, England, Chile, Australia, Canada, Ukraine, Spain, Singapore, and Austria. Women comprise over 35% of WWE’s developmental talent. NXT talent train at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando, Florida, which was designed to cultivate the next generation of talent and has become the center of WWE’s talent development program.

In 2021, WWE launched a major comprehensive recruiting initiative for in-ring competitors called Next In Line (“NIL”). This program serves to recruit and develop potential future Superstars, and it further enhances WWE’s talent development process through collaborative partnerships with select athletes from diverse athletic backgrounds. In October 2024, following the success of the NIL program, WWE launched a developmental program called WWE Independent Development ("WWE ID") to provide up-and-coming independent wrestlers a pathway to a potential career in WWE. The WWE ID program provides prominent independent wrestling schools with the WWE ID official designation, with the goal of providing new trainees and existing talent at these select institutions with enhanced developmental opportunities. Additionally, WWE ID will identify top independent wrestling prospects with an official designation and support their developmental journey by providing financial opportunity and assisting with training, mentorship and development, including access to world-class facilities, best-in-class ring training, and athletic trainers.

PBR Riders

PBR features riders who compete in sanctioned bull riding events across multiple tours and international markets. PBR riders are independent contractors and are sourced through a global ecosystem of professional, development, and regional competitions. PBR's athlete development pathway supports the progression of riders from entry-level circuits to elite global events, helping to sustain the long-term growth and competitiveness of the sport.

Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights

We consider intellectual property to be very important to the operation of our business and to driving growth in our revenues, particularly with respect to partnerships, licensing rights, and media distribution agreements. Our intellectual property includes the “UFC,” “WWE,” “IMG,” “On Location,” and “PBR” brands, other trademarks and copyrights associated with us and our events, and the rights to use the intellectual property of our commercial partners. Substantially all our intellectual property and owned assets that we create or acquire associated with our content and events are protected by trademarks and copyrights, whether registered or unregistered.

Human Capital Resources

General

We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to our long-term success. Our human capital management objectives include attracting, retaining, and developing high performing and diverse talent.

As of December 31, 2025, we had over 4,000 employees in more than 30 countries. We have invested and focused extensively on the training and development of our employees. We believe that our relations with our employees are good.

Talent Development

We recognize nurturing talent and embracing the constant evolution that leadership requires is crucial to our success. We have invested in learning and development opportunities that strengthen the role of leaders, as well as offer employees opportunities for professional growth and skill development.

Regulation and Legislation

We are subject to federal, state and local laws, both domestically and internationally, and at the state level by athletic commissions, governing matters such as:

licensing laws for athletes;

operation of our venues;

licensing, permitting, and zoning;

health, safety, and sanitation requirements;

the service of food and alcoholic beverages;

working conditions, labor, minimum wage and hour, citizenship, immigration, visas, harassment and discrimination, and other labor and employment laws and regulations;

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the “FCPA”);

the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “Bribery Act”) and similar regulations in other countries, as described in more detail below;

antitrust and fair competition;

data privacy and information security;

marketing activities;

environmental protection and climate-related regulations;

imposition by the U.S. or foreign countries of tariffs or trade restrictions, restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions, or currency exchange controls;

licensure and other regulatory requirements for the supply of sports betting data and software to gambling operators;

laws and regulations regarding the promotion and operation of MMA and boxing events; and

government regulation of the entertainment and sports industry.

We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are subject to extensive U.S. and foreign governmental regulations, and our failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business.”

Many of the events produced or promoted by us are presented in venues which are subject to building and health codes and fire regulations imposed by the state and local governments in the jurisdictions in which the venues are located. These venues are also subject to zoning and outdoor advertising regulations and require a number of licenses in order for us to operate, including occupancy permits, exhibition licenses, food and beverage permits, liquor licenses, and other authorizations. In addition, these venues are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and the U.K.’s Disability Discrimination Act 1995, which require us to maintain certain accessibility features at each of the facilities.

In various states in the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, we are required to obtain licenses for promoters, medical clearances and other permits or licenses for our athletes, and permits for our live events to promote and conduct those events. Generally, we or our employees hold promoters and matchmakers licenses to organize and hold our live events. We or our employees hold these licenses in a number of states, including California, Nevada, New Jersey, and New York.

We are required to comply with the anti-corruption laws of the countries in which we operate, including the FCPA and the Bribery Act. These regulations make it illegal for us to pay, promise to pay, or receive money or anything of value to, or from, any government or foreign public official for the purpose of directly or indirectly obtaining or retaining business. This ban on illegal payments and bribes also applies to agents or intermediaries who use funds for purposes prohibited by the statute.

Our business is also subject to certain regulations applicable to our web sites and mobile applications. We maintain various web sites and mobile applications that provide information and content regarding our business and offer merchandise and tickets for sale. The operation of these web sites and applications may be subject to a range of federal, state and local laws.

The marketplace for audio-visual programming (including cable television and internet programming) in the United States and internationally is substantially affected by certain applicable government regulations, as well as social and political influences on, television stations, television networks and cable and satellite television systems and channels. Certain FCC regulations are imposed directly on us and/or indirectly through our distributors.

Gaming laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate are established by statute and are administered by regulatory agencies with broad authority to interpret gaming laws, to promulgate gaming regulations, and to regulate gaming activities. Regulatory requirements vary among jurisdictions, but a number of jurisdictions in which we operate require licenses, permits, or findings of suitability for us, our individual officers, directors, major stockholders, and key employees. Regulatory agencies from time to time may modify their interpretation of gaming laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements imposed on operators under such laws and regulations. We believe we hold all of the licenses and permits necessary to conduct our business in this space.

Available Information and Website Disclosure

We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov .

You also can find more information about us online at our investor relations website located at investor.tkogrp.com . Filings we make with the SEC and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with the SEC. The information posted on or accessible through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report.

Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and operational information to our investors using press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts, and by postings on our investor relations site at investor.tkogrp.com . We may also use our website as a distribution channel of material Company information. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about TKO, UFC and WWE when you enroll your email address by visiting the “Investor Email Alerts” option under the Resources tab on investor.tkogrp.com .
