ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Federal Express Segment

Federal Express’s principal owned and leased properties include its aircraft, vehicles, major sorting and handling facilities, administration buildings, FedEx Drop Boxes, and data processing and telecommunications equipment.

Aircraft and Vehicles

As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express’s aircraft fleet consisted of the following:

(1) Includes one aircraft not currently in operation and undergoing pre-service modifications.

In 2025, we made the decision to permanently retire from service 12 aircraft, including two Boeing 757-200 aircraft, seven Airbus A300-600 aircraft and three Boeing MD-11 aircraft, and eight related engines. These retirements are aligned with our fleet reduction and modernization strategy as we continue to improve our global network efficiency and better align air network capacity with anticipated demand. Additionally, we have extended the retirement of the entire Boeing MD-11 fleet from 2028 to the end of 2032. See the “Results of Operations and Outlook — Consolidated Results — Goodwill and Other Asset Impairment Charges” section of “ Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition ” of this Annual Report for more information regarding the retirements, and the “Federal Express Segment — Operations” section of “ Item 1. Business ” for information regarding the ongoing redesign of the Federal Express international air network to improve efficiency and asset utilization.

As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express operated approximately 78,000 motorized vehicles in its global network and also conducts certain linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations primarily with approximately 95,000 motorized vehicles owned or leased by independent service providers.

-36-

Aircraft Purchase Commitments

The following table is a summary of the number and type of aircraft we were committed to purchase as of May 31, 2025, with the year of expected delivery:

As of May 31, 2025, we had $590 million in deposits and progress payments on aircraft purchases and other planned aircraft-related transactions. See Note 1 9 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information about our purchase commitments and options.

-37-

Sorting and Handling Facilities

At May 31, 2025, Federal Express operated the following major air sorting and handling facilities:

(1) Documents and packages.

(2) In addition to U.S. domestic express package and freight shipments, handles certain international express package and freight shipments to and from Europe.

(3) Handles international express package and freight shipments to and from Latin America and the Caribbean.

(4) Property is held under four separate leases — we continue to renew the leases for the sorting and handling facility on a month-to-month basis while a new lease is being negotiated.

(5) Handles international express package and freight shipments to and from Asia, Europe, and North America.

(6) Handles intra-Europe express package and freight shipments, as well as international express package and freight shipments to and from Europe.

(7) Handles intra-Asia express package and freight shipments, as well as international express package and freight shipments to and from Asia.

(8) Handles intra-Europe express package and freight shipments.

Federal Express’s primary sorting facility, which serves as the center of its multiple hub-and-spoke system and worldwide air network, is located at the Memphis International Airport. Federal Express’s facilities at the Memphis International Airport also include aircraft hangars, aircraft ramp areas, vehicle parking areas, flight training and fuel facilities, the FedEx Cold Chain Center, administrative offices, and warehouse space.

-38-

Federal Express leases these facilities from the Memphis-Shelby County Airport Authority (the “Authority”). The lease obligates Federal Express to maintain and insure the leased property and to pay all related taxes, assessments, and other charges. The lease is subordinate to, and Federal Express’s rights thereunder could be affected by, any future lease or agreement between the Authority and the U.S. government.

Federal Express has additional major international sorting and freight handling facilities located at Narita Airport in Tokyo and Stansted Airport outside London. Federal Express also has a substantial presence at airports in Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Dubai. A central air hub near Liege, Belgium connects specific large European markets. Additionally, central European road hubs are located in Duiven, The Netherlands and Novara, Italy, respectively.

As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express owned or leased approximately 650 facilities for city station operations in the U.S. As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express owned or leased approximately 1,150 additional sorting and distribution centers in the U.S. and 100 sorting and distribution centers in Canada that support its U.S. and Canada surface operations. This included approximately 720 legacy FedEx Ground and 530 legacy FedEx Express facilities. See the “Federal Express Segment — Operations” section of “ Item 1. Business ” for information regarding the ongoing consolidation of these operations. The leased facilities have a variety of lease term lengths and are strategically located to cover the geographic area served by the U.S. and Canada surface operations of Federal Express. The facilities range in size from approximately 1,000 to 1,160,000 square feet, with an average size of approximately 124,000 square feet.

In addition, over 1,000 city stations are owned or leased throughout Federal Express’s international network. The majority of these leases are for terms of five to ten years. City stations serve as a sorting and distribution center for a particular city or region. We believe that suitable alternative facilities are available in each locale on satisfactory terms, if necessary.

Administrative and Other Properties and Facilities

The World Headquarters of Federal Express is located in southeastern Shelby County, Tennessee. Federal Express international headquarters are located in Hoofddorp, The Netherlands. Federal Express leases state-of-the-art technology centers in Collierville, Tennessee and Colorado Springs, Colorado. These facilities house personnel responsible for strategic software development and other functions that support FedEx’s technology and e-commerce solutions.

As of May 31, 2025, Federal Express had approximately 24,700 Drop Boxes. Federal Express customers can also ship from approximately 24,000 staffed drop-off locations, including FedEx Office stores and FedEx Authorized ShipCenters. Internationally, Federal Express had approximately 14,000 drop-off locations.

The FedEx Authorized ShipCenter program offers U.S. domestic and international Federal Express shipping and drop-off services through a network of approximately 5,000 franchised and independent “pack and ship” retail locations. The FedEx OnSite network includes over 15,000 drop-off locations at Walgreens and Dollar General. Additionally, Federal Express has an agreement with Office Depot, Inc. to offer U.S. domestic and international Federal Express shipping and drop-off services at nearly 800 Office Depot and OfficeMax retail locations.

FedEx Freight Segment

FedEx Freight’s corporate headquarters are located in Memphis, Tennessee, with some administrative offices in Harrison, Arkansas. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Freight operated nearly 30,000 motorized vehicles and approximately 355 service centers, which are strategically located to provide service throughout North America. These facilities range in size from approximately 1,000 to 280,000 square feet of office and dock space.

FedEx Dataworks Operating Segment

FedEx Dataworks’ corporate headquarters are located in Memphis, Tennessee.

FedEx Office Operating Segment

FedEx Office’s corporate headquarters are located in Plano, Texas. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Office operated approximately 2,000 customer-facing stores and 16 manufacturing plants with expanded print capabilities (traditional electrophotography, digital and traditional offset, large and grand format, and dye sublimation printing), with 14 of the manufacturing plants also housing co-located signs and graphics production operations. Substantially all FedEx Office stores are leased, generally for terms of five to ten years with varying renewal options. FedEx Office operates approximately 200 stores at hotels, convention centers, hospitals, universities, and corporate campuses, with the remainder generally located in strip malls, office buildings, Walmart stores, and stand-alone structures. FedEx Office’s customer-facing stores average approximately 3,100 square feet in size.

-39-

FedEx Logistics Operating Segment

FedEx Logistics’s corporate headquarters are located in Memphis, Tennessee and FedEx Supply Chain’s corporate headquarters are located in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. As of May 31, 2025, FedEx Logistics operated approximately 110 offices and facilities in 34 countries and territories throughout North America and in Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, India, Latin America, the Middle East, and Australia/New Zealand. In addition, as of May 31, 2025, FedEx Supply Chain had 80 facilities through which it operated its supply chain logistics services.
