Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Company Stock Performance

Our common stock trades on NASDAQ under the symbol “TRMB.” The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total return provided to stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 Index, the S&P 500 Information Technology Index, and the S&P 500 Industrials Index. An investment of $100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each of the indexes on the last trading date of Trimble’s fiscal year 2019 . Measurement points are the last trading day of each subsequent fiscal year.

Stock Repurchase Program

On January 28, 2024, our Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program (the “2024 Stock Repurchase Program”) authorizing up to $800.0 million in repurchases of our common stock. The 2024 Stock Repurchase Program replaced the prior stock repurchase program, which was approved in August 2021 and has been cancelled. At the end of 2024, there were remaining authorized funds of $625.0 million. The stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date.

There were no stock repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2024. During 2024, we repurchased approximate ly 2.9 million shares of common stock in open market purchases at an average price of $60.97 per share for a total of $175.0 million.

Subsequent to the end of the year 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a common stock repurchase authorization of up to $1.0 billion, which replaces the existing 2024 Stock Repurchase Program in the first quarter of 2025.

We may repurchase stock from time to time through accelerated stock repurchase programs, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases, tender offers, or other means. The timing and actual number of any stock repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, our stock price, other available uses of capital, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. This program may be suspended, modified, or discontinued at any time without prior notice.

As of April 18, 2025, there were approximately 449 registered holders of record of our common stock.

Dividend Policy

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock during any period for which financial information is provided in this report. At this time, we intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

Item 6. [Reserved]
