Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We use certain derivative financial instruments to manage these risks. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. All financial instruments are used in accordance with policies approved by our board of directors.

Market Interest Rate Risk

Our cash equivalents consisted primarily of interest and non-interest bearing bank deposits as well as bank time deposits. The main objective of these instruments is safety of principal and liquidity while maximizing return, without significantly increasing risk. Due to the nature of our cash equivalents—that they are readily convertible to cash—we do not anticipate any material effect on our portfolio due to fluctuations in interest rates.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

We operate in international markets, which expose us to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. Dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which is the Euro.

Historically, the majority of our revenue contracts are denominated in U.S. Dollars, with the most significant exception being Europe, where we invoice primarily in Euro. Additionally, a portion of our expenses, primarily the cost to manufacture, cost of personnel to deliver technical support on our products and professional services, sales and sales support, and research and development, are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro.

Revenue resulting from selling in local currencies and costs incurred in local currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can affect our operating income. As exchange rates vary, operating income may differ from expectations. In 2024, changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact of $2.7 million on revenue and $5.9 million on operating income.

We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on cash, debt, and certain trade and intercompany receivables and payables, primarily denominated in Euro, Canadian Dollars, New Zealand Dollars, British Pound, and Australian Dollars. These contracts reduce the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate movements, as the gains and losses associated with foreign currency balances are generally offset with the gains and losses on the forward contracts. We occasionally enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge the purchase price of some of our larger business acquisitions.

Our foreign currency contracts are marked-to-market through earnings every period and generally range in maturity from one to two months. We do not enter into foreign currency contracts for trading purposes. Foreign currency contracts outstanding at the end of 2024 and 2023 are summarized as follows:

Index to Financial Statements
