Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our Common Stock, par value $.001 per share, is quoted on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "REGN." Our Class A Stock, par value $.001 per share, is not publicly quoted or traded.

Holders

As of January 22, 2026, there were 150 shareholders of record of our Common Stock and 14 shareholders of record of our Class A Stock.

Dividends

In 2025, we initiated a quarterly cash dividend program. In January 2026, our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.94 per share on our Common Stock and Class A stock, which will be payable to our shareholders in March 2026. We currently intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend, although the amount and timing of any future dividends are subject to authorization by our board of directors and will depend on various factors. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Dividends" for further details.

Stock Performance Graph

Set forth below is a line graph comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on Regeneron's Common Stock with the cumulative total return of (i) the NASDAQ US Benchmark Pharmaceuticals Total Return Index ("NQ US Pharma TR Index"), and (ii) Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500") for the period from December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2025. The comparison assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2020 in our Common Stock and in both of the foregoing indices. All values assume reinvestment of the pre-tax value of dividends paid by companies included in these indices. The historical stock price performance of our Common Stock shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

This performance graph shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing of ours under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

The table below reflects shares of Common Stock we repurchased under our share repurchase programs, as well as Common Stock withheld by us for employees to satisfy their tax withholding obligations arising upon the vesting of restricted stock granted under one of our long-term incentive plans, during the three months ended December 31, 2025. Refer to Part II, Item 7. "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for further details of our share repurchase programs.

Item 6. [Reserved]
