Item 2. Properties

As of February 4, 2026, we had a total of 3,961 operating locations:

During 2025, CRH’s material cement kilns operated on average at 72% utilization. Our building solutions businesses have many types of manufacturing facilities including paver, masonry, precast, pipe, dry-mix, fencing and railing, and lawn and garden plants. These facilities include plant and equipment such as automated presses, batching systems, packaging equipment, kilns, coolers, and silos which are used to turn raw materials into finished goods for our cementitious products as well as equipment such as presses, extruders, and molds which are used in the fencing, railing, plastic pipe, trench and metals, and enclosure businesses.

Other Properties In addition to the properties described above and those disclosed under the heading “Mineral Reserves and Resources: Background”, CRH has corporate offices in New York, New York (leased) and Dublin, Ireland (owned). The Company also leases administrative offices for each of its two Divisions, including a CRH Americas Divisional headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia and a CRH International Divisional headquarters in Amsterdam, Netherlands.

CRH also owns and leases, directly or indirectly through third-parties, heavy mobile equipment, trucks, and vehicles for production and transportation purposes.

Condition CRH believes that all the facilities are in good condition, adequate for their purpose and suitably utilized according to the individual nature and requirements of the relevant operations. CRH has a continuing program of improvements and replacements of properties when considered appropriate to meet the needs of the individual operations.

CRH FORM 10-K

Mineral Reserves and Resources

Background CRH’s mineral reserves (reserves) and mineral resources (resources) for the production of primary building materials (which encompasses aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel), cement and lime, asphalt, readymixed concrete and concrete products) fall into a variety of categories spanning a wide number of rock types and geological classifications. These reserves and resources are found within our extensive network of quarry locations in attractive local markets globally. This disclosure of the Company’s mining properties has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K (Subpart 1300). As of December 31, 2025, the Company has 1,334 mining properties with 252,791 acres of owned and 128,651 acres of leased land, respectively, as disclosed in the table on page 24, the locations of which are presented by geographic location in the maps on page 25.

None of CRH’s mineral-bearing properties are individually material to the Company as of December 31, 2025. A summary disclosure of CRH’s mining operations is provided on pages 22 to 25.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s reserves and resources estimations of 27,519 million tons and 12,968 million tons, respectively, as disclosed on pages 22 to 23, are calculated in accordance with Subpart 1300. The Company’s reserves and resources disclosures may not be comparable to similar disclosures disclosed in accordance with the requirements of other countries and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures that follow on pages 22 to 25.

CRH operates predominantly production stage properties, with a limited number of development and exploration stage properties, as such terms are defined in Subpart 1300. Predominantly, CRH’s production stage properties provide raw materials for on-site modern cement and aggregates producing facilities. Almost exclusively, CRH utilizes surface mining and, with a very limited number of exceptions, CRH and its operating companies are the only operators of the properties.

Reserves Reserves are classified into two categories, probable reserves and proven reserves, in order of increasing geological confidence.

The Company’s estimate of 27,519 million tons of reserves, as disclosed on page 22 analyzed by rock type (Hard rock, Sand & Gravel, and Other), are of recoverable stone, sand, and gravel of suitable quality for economic extraction, based on drilling and studies by the Company’s geologists and engineers. These estimates also consider reasonable economic and operating constraints as to maximum depth of overburden and stone excavation and are subject to permitting or other restrictions.

The disclosed reserves and resources estimations which include diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the mineral is mined, extracted or processed have been estimated by qualified persons, as such term is defined within Subpart 1300.

Not all minerals that may be on CRH’s mineral-bearing properties have been assessed and such properties may be assessed for mineral reserves or resources in future years, as required by operational needs.

CRH’s properties are subject to a wide variety of permitting procedures and conditions, which vary between jurisdictions. Many of CRH’s properties require separate permits from multiple authorities, including but not limited to environmental, mining, regional and national administrative authorities. The periods of validity and the conditions of these permits may be different.

Resources Resources are classified into three categories, inferred, indicated or measured resources, in order of increasing geological confidence. Indicated or measured resources can be converted to reserves by the application of certain modifying factors which include, but are not limited to, consideration of mining, processing, metallurgical, infrastructure, economic, marketing, legal, environmental compliance, plans, negotiations, or agreements with local individuals or groups, and governmental factors. There is no certainty that any of the resources disclosed on page 23 will be converted into reserves. Resources have not been fully assessed using modifying factors, however, an initial assessment has been completed in accordance with Subpart 1300.

Internal Controls CRH has established appropriate governance processes to support the publication of our 2025 reserves and resources disclosures. Reserve and resource estimates are subject to annual review by each of the relevant operating companies across the Company in conjunction with the relevant qualified persons. CRH has established and maintains a number of internal controls to address the risks inherent in the mineral reserves and resources reporting process. These internal controls have been embedded into the local control environments and operate across the business, including controls at an operating company, Divisional and Enterprise-level.

As CRH’s reserves and resources are predominantly in production stage properties, features of the internal controls relating to quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) include:

• Databases and data repositories for exploration and/or production data that contain accurate and precise data from which reserves and resources can be evaluated, and operational plans can be developed;

• Verification sampling and testing of known mineralization. This is generally required to establish compliance with regulations on product qualities. Verification testing confirms geological maps prepared during earlier exploration programs; and

• In the case of cement raw materials, facility laboratories participate in an externally managed annual review process with ISO 17025 accredited independent laboratories.

CRH FORM 10-K

When exploration programs are conducted, QA/QC measures include:

• Ensuring that surface or drill sampling results in the highest quality sample possible. This would include down-hole surveying of drill holes as necessary;

• Obtaining pictures of drill sample (e.g. core) for future reference;

• Geological core logging, where the geological description of each sample interval is recorded prior to laboratory analysis;

• Ensuring the integrity of samples from point of origin to analytical laboratory; and

• Using nationally or regionally accredited laboratories for all analyses and tests for exploration programs in properties containing aggregates.

In addition, to provide further assurance over the Company’s mineral reserves and resources reporting process, the Company’s Internal Audit function completed a limited scope review across a sample of material reporting entities on the operation of these internal controls as of December 31, 2025.

The table below presents, by segment and geographic location, the tons of proven and probable aggregates, cement, and lime mineral reserves as of December 31, 2025, and the related percentages by rock type.

(i) CRH has no individually material mineral-bearing properties requiring individual property disclosure under Subpart 1300.

(ii) CRH’s point of reference for the estimation of the Company’s mineral reserves is “in-situ” reserves.

(iii) All reserves quantities are quoted in millions of short tons.

(iv) The countries and their respective codes are Croatia: HR, Denmark: DK, Finland: FI, France: FR, Germany: DE, Hungary: HU, Ireland: IE, Poland: PL, Romania: RO, Serbia: RS, Slovakia: SK, Spain: ES, Switzerland: CH, Ukraine: UA, United Kingdom: UK.

CRH’s mineral reserves and resources are used predominantly for the production and sale of aggregates, cement and lime. The average sales price for the period January 1, 2025 to October 31, 2025, for aggregates and cement was $19.0 and $140.5 per ton, respectively, for our Americas Materials Solutions’ businesses and $12.6 and $121.1 per ton, respectively, for our International Solutions’ businesses. The average sales price for lime within our International Solutions' businesses over this time period was $161.5 per ton. These prices, which are used for estimation of both mineral reserves and resources, are impacted by product mix, geographic location, and foreign currency.

CRH FORM 10-K

The table below presents, by segment and geographic location, the tons of measured, indicated, and inferred aggregates, cement, and lime resources as of December 31, 2025, and the related percentages of these resources by rock type. CRH’s mineral resources in the table below are disclosed exclusive of mineral reserves.

(i) CRH has no individually material mineral-bearing properties requiring individual property disclosure under Subpart 1300.

(ii) CRH’s point of reference for the estimation of the Company’s mineral resources is “in-situ” resources.

(iii) All resources quantities are quoted in millions of short tons.

(iv) The countries and their respective codes are Denmark: DK, Finland: FI, France: FR, Germany: DE, Hungary: HU, Ireland: IE, Poland: PL, Romania: RO, Slovakia: SK, Spain: ES, Switzerland: CH, Ukraine: UA, United Kingdom: UK.

CRH FORM 10-K

The table below outlines the number of facilities by segment and geographic location along with the annualized extraction (in millions of tons) for each of the three years ending December 31, 2025.

(i) The disclosures in the table above include the surface area of infrastructure, process plants, waste piles, water storage, water treatment plants, and boundary areas of CRH’s mineral-bearing properties. Remote properties such as offices, distribution facilities and readymixed concrete plants are not included.

(ii) Years to depletion is based on the average of the three years’ 2023 to 2025 annualized extraction.

(iii) The countries and their respective codes are Croatia: HR, Denmark: DK, Finland: FI, France: FR, Germany: DE, Hungary: HU, Ireland: IE, Poland: PL, Romania: RO, Serbia: RS, Slovakia: SK, Spain: ES, Switzerland: CH, Ukraine: UA, United Kingdom: UK.

CRH FORM 10-K

CRH Mineral-Bearing Locations

CRH FORM 10-K
