Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

CRH is exposed to market risks relating to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. Changes in those factors could impact the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s financial risk management seeks to minimize the negative impact of foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity price fluctuations on the Company’s earnings, cash flows and equity. Management provides oversight for risk management and derivative activities, determines certain of the Company’s financial risk policies and objectives, and provides guidelines for derivative instrument utilization.

To manage these risks, CRH uses various derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forwards and swaps, and commodity contracts. CRH only uses commonly traded and non-leveraged instruments. These contracts are entered into primarily with major banking institutions and utility companies, while CRH actively monitors its exposure to counterparty risk through the use of counterparty approvals and credit limits, thereby minimizing the risk of counterparty loss.

The following discussion presents the sensitivity of the market value, earnings and cash flows of the Company’s financial instruments to hypothetical changes in interest and exchange rates assuming these changes occurred as of December 31, 2025.

Interest Rate Risk

CRH may be impacted by interest rate volatility with respect to existing debt and future debt issuances as well as cash balances. For fixed rate debt instruments, interest rate changes affect the fair market value but do not impact earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for floating rate debt instruments, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of the instrument but impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming that other factors are held constant. Cash balances are held on short-term deposits and changing interest rates will impact deposit interest income earned. The Company uses interest rate swaps to convert a portion of its fixed rate debt to floating rate and these may be designated and qualify as fair value hedges. Under these arrangements, the Company agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and benchmark floating interest rates calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional principal amount.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had fixed rate debt of $16.6 billion and floating rate debt of $1.6 billion, representing 91% and 9%, respectively, of total debt, including overdrafts, finance leases and the impact of derivatives. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had fixed rate debt of $10.8 billion and floating rate debt of $3.5 billion, representing 76% and 24%, respectively, of total debt, including overdrafts, finance leases and the impact of derivatives. The Company’s interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2025, whereby the Company swaps from fixed interest rates to floating interest rates, were $0.5 billion, compared to $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2024. The Company’s interest rate swaps as of December 31, 2025, whereby the Company swaps from floating interest rates to fixed interest rates, were $nil billion, compared to $0.2 billion as of December 2024. Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31, 2025, were $4.1 billion, compared to $3.8 billion as of December 31, 2024, which was all held on short-term deposits and investments.

Sensitivity to interest rate moves As of December 31, 2025, the before-tax earnings and cash flows impact of a 100 bps increase in interest rates, including the offsetting impact of derivatives, on the variable rate cash and debt portfolio would be approximately $24 million favorable ($2 million favorable in 2024).

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 14

CRH’s exchange rate exposures result primarily from its investments and ongoing operations in countries outside of the United States and other business transactions such as the procurement of products and equipment from foreign sources. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect (i) the carrying value of the Company’s net investment in foreign subsidiaries; (ii) the translation of foreign currency earnings; and (iii) the cash flows related to foreign currency denominated transactions.

Where economically feasible, the Company maintains Net Debt* in the same relative currency ratio as capital employed to act as an economic hedge of the underlying currency assets. Where it is not feasible to do so, the Company may enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a portion of the net investment against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. These transactions are designated as net investment hedges.

The Company also enters into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. These transactions are designated as cash flow hedges. In addition, the Company may enter into foreign currency contracts that are not designated in hedging relationships to offset, in part, the impacts of changes in value of various non-functional currency denominated items including certain intercompany financing balances. The U.S. Dollar equivalent gross notional amount of the Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts was $4.3 billion as of December 31, 2025, compared to $4.6 billion as of December 31, 2024.

Holding all other variables constant, if there were a 10% weakening in the exchange rate and value of the U.S. Dollar versus the other foreign currencies across the portfolio, the fair market value of foreign currency contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2025, would increase by approximately $201 million (as of December 31, 2024, would decrease by approximately $86 million), with an offsetting movement in the hedged foreign currency exposure.

Commodity Price Risk Some of the Company’s products use significant amounts of commodity-priced materials, predominantly fuel and principal energy-related raw materials such as oil, electricity, coal and carbon credits, which are subject to price changes based upon fluctuations in the commodities market. This price volatility could potentially have a material impact on our financial condition and/or our results of operations. When feasible, the Company manages commodity price risks through negotiated supply contracts and forward contracts to manage operating costs. The Company monitors commodity trends and where possible has alternative sourcing plans in place to mitigate the risk of supplier concentration and passing commodity-related inflation to customers or suppliers.

Where appropriate, the Company also has a number of derivative hedging programs in place to hedge commodity risks, with the aim of the programs being to neutralize variability in the Consolidated Statements of Income arising from changes in associated commodity indices. The timeframe for such programs can be up to three years.

* Represents a non-GAAP measure. See “Non-GAAP Reconciliation and Supplementary Information” on pages 35 to 38 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 14

CRH FORM 10-K
