Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information CRH has a primary listing on the NYSE and an international secondary listing on the LSE of its Ordinary Shares, each represented by the ticker symbol ‘CRH’. As of February 4, 2026, there were approximately 14,350 holders of record of our Ordinary Shares.

Irish Taxation of U.S. Holders The following is a general summary of the main Irish tax considerations applicable to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Ordinary Shares by U.S. holders. This description is based on Irish law and practices as of the latest practicable date, and administrative or judicial changes may modify the tax consequences described below. The statements do not constitute tax advice and are intended only as a general guide.

Withholding Tax on Dividends: Dividends on our Ordinary Shares would generally be subject to Irish DWT at the rate of 25%, unless an exemption applies. Dividends on our Ordinary Shares that are owned by residents of the United States and held beneficially through the Depository Trust Company (DTC) will not be subject to DWT provided that the address of the beneficial owner of the Ordinary Shares in the records of the broker is in the United States. Dividends on our Ordinary Shares that are owned by residents of the United States and held directly (outside of DTC) will not be subject to DWT provided that the shareholder has completed the appropriate Irish DWT form and this form remains valid. Such shareholders must provide the appropriate Irish DWT form to our Transfer Agent, Computershare Trust Company N.A., before the record date for the first dividend payment to which they are entitled. If any shareholder who is resident in the United States receives a dividend subject to DWT, he or she should generally be able to apply for a refund from the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Double Taxation Treaty between Ireland and the United States contains provisions regarding withholding tax, but it is generally not necessary for U.S. resident shareholders to rely on the treaty due to the wide scope of DWT exemptions under Irish law.

Income Tax on Dividends: A shareholder who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and who is entitled to an exemption from DWT generally has no liability for Irish income tax or for the Irish universal social charge on CRH dividends, unless he or she holds his or her Ordinary Shares through a branch or agency in Ireland which carries out a trade on his or her behalf.

Capital Gains Tax: A shareholder who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not hold our Ordinary Shares in connection with a trade or business carried on by such shareholder in Ireland through a branch or agency should not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of our Ordinary Shares.

Capital Acquisitions Tax: Irish capital acquisitions tax (CAT) is comprised principally of gift tax and inheritance tax. CAT could apply to a gift or inheritance of our Ordinary Shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. CAT is levied at a rate of 33% above certain tax-free thresholds. Shareholders in the United States should consult their own tax advisers as to whether CAT is creditable or deductible in computing U.S. tax liabilities.

Stamp Duty: Transfer of our Ordinary Shares other than via transfer of book-entry interests in DTC may be subject to Irish stamp duty. Transfers of our Ordinary Shares via transfer of book entry interests in the DTC will not be subject to Irish stamp duty. However, if a shareholder holds our Ordinary Shares directly rather than beneficially through DTC, any transfer of shares could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1% of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee.

Other Shareholder Matters There are no legislative or other legal provisions currently in force in Ireland or arising under our Articles that restrict the payment of dividends or distributions to holders of our Ordinary Shares not resident in Ireland, except for Irish laws and regulations that restrict the remittance of dividends, distributions and other payments in compliance with the sanctions laws of the Security Council of the United Nations, the European Union (and any of its members), the United Kingdom, and the United States.

Dividend Policy CRH has paid dividends on its Ordinary Shares each fiscal year since the formation of the Company in 1970. While we currently expect a dividend to be paid in the future, future dividend payments (and amounts thereof) will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our Board. Dividends are paid to registered shareholders on the record date for the dividend. In line with the Company's policy of consistent long-term dividend growth and supported by its strong financial position, the Board approved dividends totaling $1.48 per share in respect of 2025, a 5.7% increase on the prior year (2024: $1.40), broken into quarterly dividends of $0.37 per share being paid on April 16, 2025, June 25, 2025, September 24, 2025, and December 16, 2025, respectively.

Dividends are paid wholly in cash. The default payment currency is U.S. Dollar for shareholders who hold their Ordinary Shares through a DTC participant. It is also U.S. Dollar for shareholders holding their Ordinary Shares in registered form, unless a currency election is registered with CRH’s Transfer Agent, Computershare Trust Company N.A., in advance of the applicable record date. The default payment currency for shareholders holding their Ordinary Shares in the form of Depository Interests is euro. Such shareholders can elect to receive dividends in U.S. Dollar or Pound Sterling by providing their instructions to the Company’s Depositary Interest provider, Computershare Investor Services plc, in advance of the applicable record date.

Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Our equity compensation plan information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in Part III, Item 12. “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” of this Form 10-K.

CRH FORM 10-K

Share Performance Graph The performance graph below compares the five-year cumulative total shareholder return of our Ordinary Shares from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2025, with the cumulative total return for the same period of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Materials Index. The graph assumes that the initial investment in our Ordinary Shares and each index was $100, with reinvestment of dividends.

Performance data for the Company is provided as of the last trading day of each relevant fiscal year. The share price performance graph is not indicative of future share price performance.

The performance graph above is being furnished solely to accompany this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or under the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

CRH FORM 10-K

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(i) In May 2018, CRH announced its intention to introduce a share repurchase program to repurchase Ordinary Shares (the ‘Program’). In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company returned a further $0.3 billion of cash to shareholders through the repurchase of 2,108,172 Ordinary Shares (equivalent to 0.3% of the Company’s issued share capital as of December 31, 2025). This brought total cash returned to shareholders under the Program to $9.6 billion since its commencement in May 2018. The purchases in the fourth quarter of 2025 were completed under the following tranches:

Item 6. [Reserved]

CRH FORM 10-K
