ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Common Stock

Our common stock has been traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “EBAY” since September 24, 1998. As of February 13, 2026, there were 2,734 holders of record of our common stock, although we believe that there are a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock.

Dividend Policy

We paid a total of $531 million and $533 million in cash dividends during the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, declared a cash dividend of $0.31 per share of common stock to be paid on March 20, 2026 to stockholders of record as of March 6, 2026. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of any future cash dividends are at the discretion of the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) and will depend on many factors, including our available cash, working capital, financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, covenants in our credit agreement, applicable law and other business considerations that the Board considers relevant.

Performance Measurement Comparison

The graph below shows the cumulative total stockholder return of an investment of $100 (and the reinvestment of any dividends thereafter) on December 31, 2020 (the last trading day for the year ended December 31, 2020) in (i) our common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq Composite Index, (iii) the S&P 500 Index and (iv) the S&P 500 Information Technology Index.

Our stock price performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of future stock price performance. The graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or be deemed to be “filed” with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any past or future filing with the SEC, except to the extent that such filing specifically states that such graph and related information are incorporated by reference into such filing.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

Stock repurchase activity during the three months ended December 31, 2025 was as follows:

(1) Our stock repurchase program is intended to programmatically offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, to make opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock to reduce our outstanding share count and return value to stockholders. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase program may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions) or other means at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate and will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives.

In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, authorized an incremental $2.0 billion under our stock repurchase program in addition to the $5.0 billion previously authorized in 2024. Our stock repurchase program has no expiration from the date of authorization.

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased $625 million of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2025, a total of $0.8 billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock.

We expect, subject to market conditions and other uncertainties, to continue making opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock. However, our stock repurchase program may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including corporate and regulatory requirements, price and other market conditions and management’s determination as to the appropriate use of our cash.

(2) Excludes immaterial broker commissions and excise tax accruals.

ITEM 6: [RESERVED]
