ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

You should read the following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in conjunction with Part I “Forward Looking Statements,” Part I, Item 1 “Business,” Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors,” and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this report. This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

OVERVIEW

Business

eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader that connects people and builds communities to create economic opportunity for all. Our technology empowers millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world, providing everyone the opportunity to grow and thrive. Our Marketplace platforms, including our online marketplace located at www.ebay.com and its localized counterparts, our off-platform marketplaces and our suite of mobile apps, together, create one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and a unique selection.

As a global commerce leader and third-party marketplace, our technologies and services are designed to provide buyers choice and a breadth of relevant inventory from around the globe and to enable sellers’ access to eBay’s 135 million buyers worldwide. Our business model is designed such that we are successful when our sellers are successful. We earn revenue primarily through fees collected on paid transactions, first-party advertising and shipping.

Gross Merchandise Volume (“GMV”) grew during 2025 as we executed on our strategy, including across Focus Categories, country-specific investments, and horizontal initiatives. Improvement was driven by cross-category shopping, horizontal innovation, country-specific initiatives and growth in recommerce. The culmination of these effects, combined with consumers looking for value, offset pressure in discretionary spending across our three largest markets primarily resulting from geopolitical events, inflationary pressure, foreign exchange rate volatility, elevated interest rates and lower consumer confidence.

FX-Neutral Presentation

In addition to presenting net revenues in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), we also present foreign exchange neutral (“FX-Neutral”) net revenues to supplement our results of operations presented in accordance with GAAP and to enhance investors’ understanding of our global business performance by excluding the positive or negative year-over-year impact of foreign currency movements on reported net revenues. We define FX-Neutral net revenues as GAAP net revenues minus the exchange rate effect, which we calculate by applying prior period foreign currency exchange rates to current year transactional currency amounts, excluding hedging activity. We believe presenting FX-Neutral net revenues provides useful information to both management and investors by isolating the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that may not be indicative of our core operating results. In addition, as we have historically reported certain FX-Neutral results to investors, we believe that continuing to include these FX-Neutral measures provides consistency in our financial reporting. FX-Neutral net revenues are non-GAAP financial measures that are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and may be calculated differently than other “FX-Neutral,” “constant currency,” or similarly titled measures used by other companies. FX-Neutral net revenues are not presented as an alternative to GAAP net revenues and should only be used to evaluate our results of operations in conjunction with GAAP net revenues.

Fiscal Year Highlights

Net revenues increased 8% to $11.1 billion compared to $10.3 billion in 2024. The increase in net revenues was primarily due to higher GMV, increased penetration of first party advertising and the ramping of our U.K. shipping program. The increase in net revenues was partially offset by lower fees in connection with our U.K. consumer-to-consumer initiative.

Operating margin decreased to 20.5% compared to 22.5% in 2024 primarily due to higher non-recurring general and administrative expenses related to legal matters and restructuring and higher costs associated with our shipping programs.

We generated cash flow from continuing operating activities of $2.0 billion in 2025 compared to $2.4 billion in 2024.

We repurchased $2.5 billion of common stock and paid $531 million in cash dividends.

We received a $225 million cash distribution related to our equity investment in Aurelia.

We issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes consisting of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% fixed rate notes due 2029 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% fixed rate notes due 2035.

We redeemed the $425 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 5.900% senior notes due in November 2025. We also repaid the $800 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 1.900% senior notes due 2025 on the date of maturity.

We issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper notes and repaid the $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of the previously outstanding commercial paper notes on the dates of maturity.

In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, declared a cash dividend of $0.31 per share of common stock to be paid on March 20, 2026 to stockholders of record as of March 6, 2026.

In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, authorized an incremental $2.0 billion under our stock repurchase program in addition to the $5.0 billion previously authorized in 2024.

In February 2026, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Depop, Inc., a leading C2C fashion marketplace focused on recommerce with a highly-engaged Gen Z and Millennial customer base, for approximately $1.2 billion in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The transaction is currently expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions and receipt of required regulatory approvals.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

We have one reportable segment, which reflects how the chief operating decision maker, our President and Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses performance of the business. This reportable segment includes our online marketplace located at www.ebay.com and its localized counterparts, our off-platform marketplaces and our suite of mobile apps. The accounting policies of this segment are the same as those described in “Note 1 — The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.

Net Revenues

We generate revenues from the following activities:

Marketplace revenues primarily consist of commissions related to the connection service including final value fees, listing fees, feature fees, and foreign exchange fees. Marketplace revenues also include store subscription fees, shipping fees, and certain other fees. Marketplace revenues are reduced by customer incentive programs, including discounts, coupons, and rewards.

Advertising revenues primarily consist of fees charged to sellers to promote their listings on our Marketplace platforms, as well as third-party advertising fees.

The following table presents net revenues for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Beginning January 1, 2025, we began classifying certain immaterial revenues previously reported as Marketplace revenues as Advertising revenues. Amounts reported for 2025 reflect this updated basis of presentation. Under this updated basis of presentation, Marketplace and Advertising revenues would have been $8,592 million and $1,691 million, respectively, for 2024 and $8,618 million and $1,494 million, respectively, for 2023.

Seasonality

We expect volume on our Marketplace platforms to trend with general consumer buying patterns. Seasonal trends in net revenues have been, and we expect in the future will be, influenced by macroeconomic conditions, including tariffs and global trade policies, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, as well as new and updated products and initiatives by us and our competitors. The following table presents our total net revenues and the sequential quarterly movements of these net revenues for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

Net Revenues by Geography

Revenues are attributed to the United States and international geographies primarily based upon the country in which the customer is located. The following table presents net revenues by geography for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Net revenues included $41 million of hedging losses during 2025 compared to $54 million of hedging losses during 2024 and $56 million of hedging gains during 2023.

(2) Foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar had a favorable impact of $47 million during 2025 compared to favorable impacts of $2 million and $52 million during 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily attributable to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against the euro and other major currencies.

Our Marketplace platforms operate globally, resulting in certain revenues that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the British pound and euro. Year-over-year appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. dollar may have a material impact to our financial results; we have experienced and may continue to experience elevated foreign currency volatility in the future, including as a result of tariffs and global trade announcements. Through our hedging programs, we actively monitor foreign currency volatility and attempt to mitigate significant movements. As shown in the table above, we generate approximately half of our net revenues internationally. Therefore, we are subject to the risks related to conducting business in foreign countries as discussed under “Item 1A: Risk Factors” in Part I of this report.

Key Operating Metrics

GMV and take rate are significant factors that we believe affect our net revenues.

GMV consists of the total value of all paid transactions between users on our Marketplace platforms during the applicable period inclusive of shipping fees and taxes, without adjustment for returns or cancellations. We believe that GMV provides a useful measure of the overall volume of paid transactions that flow through our Marketplace platforms in a given period.

FX-Neutral GMV is defined as GMV minus the exchange rate effect, which we calculate by applying prior period foreign currency exchange rates to current year transactional currency amounts.

Take rate is defined as net revenues divided by GMV and represents net revenue as a percentage of overall volume on our Marketplace platforms. We believe that take rate provides a useful measure of our ability to monetize volume through services on our Marketplace platforms in a given period. We use take rate to identify key revenue drivers.

The following table presents net revenues and our key operating metrics of GMV and take rate for the periods indicated. The following table also presents a reconciliation of FX-Neutral net revenues and FX-Neutral GMV (each as defined above) to our reported net revenues and GMV for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Net revenues included $41 million of hedging losses during 2025 compared to $54 million of hedging losses during 2024 and $56 million of hedging gains during 2023.

Net revenues increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher GMV, increased penetration of first party advertising and the ramping of our U.K. shipping program. The increase in net revenues was partially offset by lower fees in connection with our U.K. consumer-to-consumer initiative.

The increase in GMV during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by the continued execution of our strategic initiatives and improved U.S. consumer demand throughout 2025. GMV growth in Focus Categories, including Collectibles, Motors Parts & Accessories, Luxury, Refurbished, Apparel and Sneakers, outpaced the remainder of our Marketplace. The increase in GMV was partially offset by the impact of tariffs, including the elimination of the U.S. de minimis trade exemption.

During 2025, we experienced an increase in canceled orders as buyers and sellers adapted to new U.S. trade policies. This trend may continue depending on the state of future global trade policies and the speed with which our buyers and sellers adjust to these changes or respond to uncertainty around global trade policies. Changes in return and cancellation rates can impact our GMV growth rate and related take rate. As a result, we clarified above that our definition of GMV includes returns and cancellations. We have consistently included returns and cancellations in our previously reported GMV.

In the United States, GMV growth was driven by the continued execution of our strategic initiatives and favorable trends in consumer demand as reflected in the broad-based strength across categories, with particularly strong performance in Collectibles. The increase in GMV was also attributable to increases in both sold items and average selling price, the expansion of the Klarna buyer payment option and efficiency in lower-funnel marketing spend.

International GMV growth was primarily driven by cross-border trade, led by increased exports from Greater China and Japan into our major markets. In the U.K., volume increased following recent enhancements to our consumer-to-consumer initiative. These increases were partially offset by continued challenging macroeconomic conditions across international markets through 2025.

Cost of Net Revenues

Cost of net revenues represents costs associated with customer support, site operations and payment processing. Significant components of these costs primarily consist of employee compensation (including stock-based compensation), contractor costs, facilities costs, depreciation of equipment and amortization expense, bank transaction fees, credit card interchange and assessment fees, authentication costs, shipping costs and indirect tax expenses. The following table presents cost of net revenues for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Cost of net revenues were net of immaterial hedging activity during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

(2) Foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact of $21 million on cost of net revenues during 2025 compared to unfavorable impacts of $7 million and $2 million during 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The increase in cost of net revenues during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to increases of $108 million in shipping costs, $61 million in cost of promoted listings products, $55 million in depreciation expense due to the prior year benefit related to the change in useful lives of our servers and networking equipment, $37 million in customer support costs, $32 million in payment processing costs and $11 million in authentication costs, partially offset by a $37 million benefit from the settlement of a multi-year contract and a $35 million decrease in indirect tax expense.

Operating Expenses

The following table presents operating expenses for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact of $34 million on operating expenses during 2025 compared to an unfavorable impact of $9 million during 2024 and a favorable impact of $16 million during 2023.

** Percentage change not meaningful

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of marketing program costs, employee compensation (including stock-based compensation), certain user coupons and rewards, contractor costs, facilities costs and depreciation on equipment. Marketing program costs represent promotional expenses incurred across various channels, such as paid search, affiliate marketing, display advertising, brand campaigns and buyer/seller communications.

The increase in sales and marketing expenses during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to increases of $30 million in employee-related costs and $23 million due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency movements.

Product Development

Product development expenses primarily consist of employee compensation (including stock-based compensation), contractor costs, facilities costs and depreciation on equipment. Product development expenses are net of required capitalization of major platform and other product development efforts, including the development and maintenance of our technology platform. Our top technology priorities include improving seller tools and buyer experiences across our Marketplace platforms powered by intelligent computing at scale.

The increase in product development expenses during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs.

Capitalized platform development costs were $134 million and $108 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. These costs are primarily reflected as a cost of net revenues when amortized in future periods.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee compensation (including stock-based compensation), contractor costs, facilities costs, depreciation of equipment, legal expenses, restructuring, insurance premiums and professional fees. Our legal expenses, including those related to various ongoing legal proceedings, may fluctuate substantially from period to period.

The increase in general and administrative expenses during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to $91 million of senior leader transitions and restructuring costs, $61 million of legal accruals recorded during 2025, $56 million in employee-related costs and legal accrual releases in 2024 of $56 million.

Transaction Losses

Transaction losses consists primarily of losses resulting from our buyer protection programs, chargebacks for unauthorized credit card use, and merchant related chargebacks due to non-delivery of goods or services. We expect our transaction losses to fluctuate depending on many factors, including changes to our protection programs, macroeconomic conditions and volume.

The increase in transaction losses during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by volume as well as the ramping of shipping programs and unfavorable fluctuations in buyer and seller fraud and recovery rates.

Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net

Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net primarily consists of gains and losses related to our various types of equity investments, including our equity investments in Adevinta ASA (“Adevinta”), Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”), Aurelia, Gmarket Global LLC (“Gmarket”), and gains and losses due to changes in fair value of the warrant received from Adyen. The following table presents Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

** Percentage change not meaningful

The change in Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to lower activity in 2025 following the sale of our investments in Adevinta, Adyen, and Gmarket in 2024, including the exercise of the Adyen warrant. Refer to “Note 5 — Investments” for further details about our equity investments.

Interest Expense, Interest Income and Other, Net

Interest expense primarily consists of interest charges on amounts borrowed, commitment fees on unborrowed amounts under our credit agreement and interest expense on our outstanding debt securities and commercial paper, as applicable. Interest income and other, net primarily consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents, investments and customer accounts, gains and losses on foreign exchange transactions and transaction costs of acquisitions. The following table presents interest expense and interest income and other, net for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

** Percentage change not meaningful

Interest expense decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a lower average notional amount of outstanding debt.

Interest income decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a lower average notional amount of fixed-income investments.

Income Tax Provision

The following table presents provision for income taxes and effective tax rate for the periods indicated (in millions, except percentages):

The increase in our effective tax rate for 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by lower benefits in 2025 resulting from audit settlements and the net impact of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, relative to the benefits from the sale of Gmarket recognized in 2024. These effects were partially offset by increased excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation.

We are regularly under examination by tax authorities both domestically and internationally. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from these examinations, although there are inherent uncertainties in these examinations.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flows

Continuing Operating Activities

Our operating cash flows arise primarily from cash received from our customers on our Marketplace platforms, offset by cash payments for sales and marketing, employee compensation and payment processing expenses.

Cash provided by continuing operating activities of $2.0 billion in 2025 compared to $2.4 billion in 2024 was primarily due to an increase in cash paid for income taxes of $685 million and other working capital movements, partially offset by an $817 million increase in net revenues.

Continuing Investing Activities

Cash provided by continuing investing activities of $1.4 billion in 2025 was primarily attributable to proceeds of $8.7 billion from the maturities and sales of investments, partially offset by cash paid for investments of $6.7 billion and property and equipment of $525 million.

Cash provided by continuing investing activities of $2.2 billion in 2024 was primarily attributable to proceeds of $12.3 billion from the maturities and sales of investments, and proceeds of $2.4 billion, $1.0 billion, $573 million and $322 million from the sale of our equity investments in Adevinta, Aurelia, Adyen and Gmarket, respectively, partially offset by cash paid for investments of $13.9 billion and property and equipment of $458 million.

The largely offsetting effects of purchases of investments and maturities and sale of investments results from the management of our investments. As our immediate cash needs change, purchase and sale activity will fluctuate.

Continuing Financing Activities

Cash used in continuing financing activities of $3.7 billion in 2025 was primarily driven by common stock repurchases of $2.5 billion, debt repayments of $2.4 billion related to commercial paper and $1.2 billion related to our 5.900% and 1.900% senior notes due 2025 and $531 million of cash dividends paid, partially offset by borrowing under our commercial paper program of $2.0 billion, proceeds from debt issuances of $1.0 billion and net funds receivable and payable activity of $200 million.

Cash used in continuing financing activities of $3.8 billion in 2024 was primarily driven by common stock repurchases of $3.1 billion, debt repayments of $750 million related to our 3.450% senior notes due 2024 and $533 million of cash dividends paid, partially offset by borrowing under our commercial paper program of $441 million and net funds receivable and payable activity of $305 million.

The positive and negative effects of exchange rate movements on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash during 2025 and 2024, respectively, was due to the weakening and strengthening, respectively, of the U.S. dollar against other currencies.

Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had assets classified as cash and cash equivalents as well as short-term and long-term non-equity investments, in an aggregate amount of $4.8 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include cash held on behalf of customers related to marketplace activity of $1,017 million and $763 million, respectively, which are recognized separately within “Customer accounts and funds receivable” with a corresponding liability within “Customer accounts and funds payable” on our consolidated balance sheet. These amounts also do not include restricted cash related to safeguarding customer funds, our global sabbatical program, and other compensation arrangements held in escrow totaling $171 million and $90 million, respectively. We believe these assets, together with cash expected to be generated from operations, borrowings available under our credit agreement and commercial paper program, and our access to capital markets, will be sufficient to satisfy our material cash requirements over the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future.

Geopolitical events, inflationary pressure, foreign exchange rate volatility, elevated interest rates, and changes in and uncertainty regarding global tariffs and trade policies have caused material disruptions in both the United States and international financial markets and economies and are uncertain in duration. The impact of these events has increased, and may continue to increase, our borrowing costs and other costs of capital and otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. The future impact of these events cannot be predicted with certainty and we cannot assure that we will have access to external financing at times and on terms we consider acceptable, or at all, or that we will not experience other liquidity issues going forward.

We have certain fixed contractual obligations and commitments that include future estimated payments for general operating purposes. Changes in our business needs, contractual cancellation provisions, fluctuating interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of these payments. The following sections summarize our fixed contractual obligations and commitments and other material cash requirements.

Senior Notes

In 2025, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250% fixed rate notes due 2029 and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% fixed rate notes due 2035.

In 2025, we redeemed the $425 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 5.900% senior notes due in November 2025. Total cash consideration paid was $425 million, as the redemption price was equal to 100% of the principal amount. In addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount.

In 2025, we repaid the $800 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 1.900% senior notes on the date of maturity.

In 2024, we repaid the $750 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 3.450% senior notes on the date of maturity.

In 2023, we repaid the $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding floating rate and 2.750% senior notes on the date of maturity .

As of December 31, 2025, we had fixed-rate senior notes outstanding with an aggregate principal amount of $6.8 billion, with $0.8 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the senior notes totaled an aggregate of $2.6 billion, with an aggregate of $237 million payable within 12 months. The net proceeds from the issuances of these senior notes were used for general corporate purposes, including, among other things, capital expenditures, share repurchases, repayment of indebtedness and acquisitions.

Commercial Paper

We have a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount at maturity of up to $1.5 billion outstanding at any time with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. In 2025, we issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper notes, of which $1.6 billion aggregate principal amount had original maturities 90 days or less and $0.4 billion aggregate

principal amount had original maturities greater than 90 days and we repaid the $2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of the previously outstanding commercial paper notes on the dates of maturity. As of December 31, 2025, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding.

Credit Agreement

We have a credit agreement maturing in January 2029 that provides for an unsecured $2.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility. We may also, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders, increase the commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $1.0 billion. Funds borrowed under the credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and bear interest at either (i) a customary forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate published by CME Group for the relevant interest period plus an adjustment of 0.1% or (ii) a customary base rate formula, plus a margin (based on our public debt ratings) ranging from 0% to 0.375%. The covenants of the credit agreement are discussed in “Note 9 — Debt” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. As of December 31, 2025, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding; therefore, $2.0 billion of borrowing capacity was available for other purposes permitted by the credit agreement.

Leases

We have operating leases for office space, data centers, as well as other corporate assets that we utilize under lease arrangements. As of December 31, 2025, we had fixed lease payment obligations of $492 million, with $137 million payable within 12 months. For additional details related to our leases, please see “Note 10 — Leases” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Purchase Obligations

Purchase obligation amounts include minimum purchase commitments for advertising, capital expenditures (including for computer equipment, software applications, engineering development services, construction contracts and transportation-related assets) and other goods and services entered into in the ordinary course of business. As of December 31, 2025, we had purchase obligations of $271 million, with $164 million payable within 12 months.

Income Taxes

The timing of the resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain. Given the number of years remaining subject to examination and the number of matters being examined, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits.

As of December 31, 2025, our assets classified as cash and cash equivalents as well as short-term and long-term non-equity investments included assets held in certain of our foreign operations totaling $650 million. As we repatriate these funds to the United States, we will be required to pay income taxes in certain U.S. states and applicable foreign withholding taxes on those amounts during the period when such repatriation occurs. We have accrued deferred taxes for the tax effect of repatriating the funds to the United States. For additional details related to our income taxes, please see “Income Tax Provision” in our Results of Operations above and “Note 14 — Income Taxes” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Acquisition of Depop, Inc.

In February 2026, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Depop, Inc. for approximately $1.2 billion in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The transaction is currently expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions and receipt of required regulatory approvals. We intend to fund the transaction with cash on hand.

Stock Repurchases

Our stock repurchase programs are intended to programmatically offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, to make opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock to reduce our outstanding share count and return value to stockholders. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase programs will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives.

We expect to continue making opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock, subject to market conditions and other uncertainties. However, our stock repurchase programs may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including corporate and regulatory requirements, price and other market conditions and management’s determination as to the appropriate use of our cash.

During 2025, we repurchased $2.5 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2025, a total of $0.8 billion remained available for future repurchases of our common stock. See “Note 12 — Stockholders’ Equity” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for more information about our stock repurchase program.

In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, authorized an incremental $2.0 billion under our stock repurchase program in addition to the $5.0 billion previously authorized in 2024. Our stock repurchase program has no expiration from the date of authorization.

Dividends

We paid a total of $531 million and $533 million in cash dividends in 2025 and 2024, respectively. In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, declared a cash dividend of $0.31 per share of common stock to be paid on March 20, 2026 to stockholders of record as of March 6, 2026.

Other Capital Resource Requirements

We actively monitor significant counterparties that hold our cash and cash equivalents and non-equity investments, focusing primarily on the safety of principal and secondarily on improving yield on these assets. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents and investments among various counterparties in order to reduce our exposure should any one of these counterparties fail or encounter difficulties. To date, we have not experienced any material loss or lack of access to our invested cash, cash equivalents or short-term investments; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash, cash equivalents or short-term investments will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact of geopolitical events, inflationary pressure, changes in and uncertainty regarding global tariffs and global trade policies, and foreign exchange rate volatility. At any point in time we have funds in our operating accounts and customer accounts that are deposited and invested with various third-party financial institutions.

We have entered into various indemnification agreements and, in the ordinary course of business, we have included limited indemnification provisions in certain of our agreements with parties with which we have commercial relations. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these various indemnification provisions due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recognized on our consolidated statement of income in connection with our indemnification provisions have not been significant, either individually or collectively. See “Note 11 — Commitments and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for more information about our indemnification provisions.

Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates

General

The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. We believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other disclosures included in this report.

Transaction Losses

Transaction losses primarily include claims related to our buyer protection programs, chargebacks for unauthorized credit card use and merchant related resulting from non-delivery of goods or services. Estimating future transaction losses requires significant judgment as actual losses are dependent on uncertain events and outcomes. In developing our estimate, we consider several key factors including: (1) historical loss experience and its relevance in estimating expected future losses; (2) whether recent changes in buyer protection claims and chargeback activity represent temporary fluctuations or sustained trends; (3) impact of changes in transaction volume and mix on expected loss rates; (4) effect of modifications to buyer protection programs; and (5) the expected outcome and timing of dispute resolution and chargeback activity. Changes in judgment with respect to these assumptions could impact the timing or amount of transaction losses.

Income Taxes

Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective government taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties and the complexity of taxes on foreign earnings. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Tax positions are evaluated for potential reserves for uncertainty based on the estimated probability of sustaining the position under examination. Our income tax rate is affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings including U.S. minimum taxes on foreign earnings. The deferred tax benefit derived from the amortization of our intellectual property is based on the fair value, which has been agreed with foreign tax authorities. The deferred tax benefit may from time to time change based on changes in tax rates. Management has no specific plans to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries at the balance sheet date.

Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are based on a number of factors, including our historical experience and short-range and long-range business forecasts. As of December 31, 2025, we had a valuation allowance on certain net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized.

We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, pursuant to which we only recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized on the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. GAAP further requires that a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions be recognized in earnings in the quarter in which such change occurs. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.

We file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions around the world. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited by the relevant tax authorities and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our reserves for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, where appropriate in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash.

Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or by changes or interpretations in tax laws, regulations or accounting principles. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as various state and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.

Based on our results for the year ended December 31, 2025, a one-percentage point change in our provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before taxes would have resulted in an increase or decrease in the provision of $23 million, resulting in an approximate $0.05 change in diluted earnings per share.

Goodwill

The purchase price of an acquired company is allocated between intangible assets and the net tangible assets of the acquired business with the residual of the purchase price recognized as goodwill.

As of December 31, 2025, our goodwill totaled $4.5 billion. We assess the impairment of goodwill of our reporting unit annually, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit’s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using market and discounted cash flow approaches. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow approach uses expected future operating results. The market approach uses comparable company information to determine revenue and earnings multiples to value our reporting unit. Failure to achieve these expected results or market multiples may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill as of August 31, 2025 and 2024. As of December 31, 2025, we determined that no impairment of the carrying value of goodwill was required. See “Note 3 — Goodwill” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.

Legal Contingencies

In connection with certain pending litigation and other claims, we have estimated the range of probable loss, net of expected recoveries, and provided for such losses through charges to our consolidated statements of income. These estimates have been based on our assessment of the facts and circumstances at each balance sheet date and are subject to change based upon new information and future events.

From time to time, we are involved in disputes and regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are currently involved in legal proceedings, some of which are discussed in “Note 11 — Commitments and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. We believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims against us, and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously. However, even if successful, our defense against certain actions will be costly and could require significant amounts of management’s time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. If the plaintiffs were to prevail on certain claims, we might be forced to pay significant damages and licensing fees, modify our business practices or even be prohibited from conducting a significant part of our business. Any such results could materially harm our business and could result in a material adverse impact on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See "Note 1 — The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" to the consolidated financial statements included in this report, regarding the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements.
