ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV, Item 15(a)(1) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures: Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act) required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b), our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025.

Changes in internal controls: There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting: Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 15(a)1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION

On November 20, 2025 , Jamie Iannone , our President and Chief Executive Officer , adopted a written trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (a “10b5-1 Plan”), which is designed to be in effect until November 6, 2026 , subject to customary exceptions. His 10b5-1 Plan provides for sales from time to time of a portion of his shares of eBay common stock, up to a maximum of 240,000 shares in the aggregate.

ITEM 9C: DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10: DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

Insider Trading Policy, Code of Ethics, Governance Guidelines and Committee Charters

We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities that applies to our directors, officers, employees, consultants, and contractors. We also follow certain procedures for the repurchase of our securities. We believe that our Insider Trading Policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.01 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We have also adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees and directors. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on our website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents/. We will post any amendments to or waivers from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at that location.

We have also adopted Governance Guidelines for the Board of Directors and a written committee charter for each of our Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each of these documents is available on our website at https://investors.ebayinc.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents/.

ITEM 11: EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

ITEM 12: SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

ITEM 13: CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

ITEM 14: PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Incorporated by reference from our Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

PART IV

ITEM 15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

b. The information required by this Item is set forth in the Index to Exhibits that precedes the signature page of this Annual Report.

c. Financial Statement Schedule and Separate Financial Statements of Subsidiaries Not Consolidated and

Fifty Percent or Less Owned Persons

Adevinta was deemed a significant equity investee under Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (though not for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024). As such, pursuant to Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X, separate financial statements of Adevinta for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and for the interim period ended March 31, 2024 (during and as of which periods eBay’s investment in Adevinta was accounted for by eBay pursuant to the equity method) are required to be filed with eBay’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, or by amendment to the Form 10-K, within six months of Adevinta’s fiscal year end. Accordingly, financial statements of Adevinta as of and for the interim period ended March 31, 2024 (unaudited) and as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 (audited) are provided as Exhibits 99.01 and 99.02 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.

ITEM 16: FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of eBay Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of eBay Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Accounting for Income Taxes

As described in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded an income tax provision of $311 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, and has deferred tax assets of $3,929 million, deferred tax liabilities of $2,246 million and unrecognized tax benefits of $521 million as of December 31, 2025. As disclosed by management, the Company’s annual tax rate is based on income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Significant judgment is required by management in determining the Company’s tax expense and in evaluating tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties and the complexity of taxes on foreign earnings. Management accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns. Management reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective government taxing authorities.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to accounting for income taxes is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the income tax provision, deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to these account balances and tax positions; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to income taxes, including management’s controls over the income tax provision, measurement and recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and the identification of unrecognized tax benefits. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing the income tax provision, including the effective tax rate reconciliation and certain permanent and temporary differences; (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in measuring and recognizing deferred tax assets and liabilities; (iii) evaluating the completeness of management’s assessment of the identification of and changes in uncertain tax positions and the status and results of income tax audits with the relevant tax authorities; and (iv) evaluating the impact of taxes on foreign earnings in certain jurisdictions, including the calculation of U.S. minimum taxes on foreign earnings, and the deferred tax benefit derived from the amortization of the Company’s intellectual property. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in testing the calculation of taxes on foreign earnings.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California

February 19, 2026

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1997.

eBay Inc.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

eBay Inc.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

eBay Inc.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

eBay Inc.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

eBay Inc.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The following table reconciles cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported on the consolidated balance sheet to the total of the same amounts presented on the consolidated statement of cash flows as of the dates indicated:

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1 — The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

The Company

eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader that connects people and builds communities to create economic opportunity for all. Our technology empowers millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world, providing everyone the opportunity to grow and thrive. Our Marketplace platforms, including our online marketplace located at www.ebay.com and its localized counterparts, our off-platform marketplaces and our suite of mobile apps, together, create one of the world's largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great value and unique selection.

When we refer to “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” or “eBay” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean the current Delaware corporation (eBay Inc.) and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including but not limited to those related to transaction losses, legal contingencies, income taxes, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, investments, including Level 3 investments, warrants and the recoverability of goodwill. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

We review the useful lives of equipment on an ongoing basis, and effective January 1, 2024, we changed our estimate of the useful lives for our servers and networking equipment from three years to four years . The longer useful lives are due to continuous improvements in our hardware, software, and data center designs. The effect of this change in estimate in 2024, based on servers and network equipment that were included in “Property and equipment, net” as of December 31, 2023 and those acquired during 2024, was a reduction in depreciation expense of $ 66 million and an increase in net income of $ 58 million, or $ 0.12 per basic and diluted share.

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The accompanying financial statements are consolidated and include the financial statements of eBay Inc. and our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. A qualitative approach is applied to assess the consolidation requirement for variable interest entities. Generally, investments in entities where we hold at least a 20% ownership interest and have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting, including those in which the fair value option has been elected.

For equity method investments, our share of the investees’ results of operations is included in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” and investment balances are included in “Long-term investments.” For equity method investments under the fair value option, the change in fair value of the investment is included in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” and investment balances are included in “Long-term investments.” Investments in entities where we hold less than a 20% ownership interest are generally accounted for as equity investments to be measured at fair value, under an election, or at cost if it does not have readily determinable fair value, in which case the carrying value would be adjusted upon the occurrence of an observable price change in an orderly transaction for identical or similar instruments or impairment. For investments in entities where we hold less than a 20% ownership interest, the change in fair value of, or any impairment related to the investment is included in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” and investment balances are included in “Long-term investments.”

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Significant Accounting Policies

Revenue recognition

We recognize revenue when we transfer control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue is recognized net of any taxes collected, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities. As part of our revenue recognition analysis, we are required to identify each distinct performance obligation.

Marketplace revenues

Marketplace revenues primarily consist of commissions related to the connection service including final value fees, listing fees, feature fees, and foreign exchange fees. Marketplace revenues also include store subscription fees, shipping fees, and certain other fees. Marketplace revenues are reduced by customer incentive programs, including discounts, coupons, and rewards.

The connection service represents a single distinct performance obligation, which is to connect buyers and sellers on our secure and trusted Marketplace platforms. Revenue is recognized at the point in time an item is paid for, satisfying the performance obligation.

Store subscription and other nonstandard pricing contracts may contain multiple performance obligations, including discounts on future services. Determining whether performance obligations should be accounted for separately or combined may require significant judgment. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on its stand-alone selling price (“SSP”). In instances where SSP is not directly observable, we generally estimate selling prices based on when they are sold to customers of a similar nature and geography. These estimates are generally based on pricing strategies, market factors, strategic objectives and observable inputs. Store subscription revenues are recognized over the subscription period, and discounts offered through store subscription or nonstandard pricing contracts are recognized when the options are exercised or when the options expire.

Revenues related to shipping services are recognized based on whether we act as the principal and are responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified services or whether we act as an agent arranging for those services to be provided by our partners. Determining whether we are acting as a principal or an agent in these contracts may require significant judgment. When we act as the principal, we recognize revenue on a gross basis over time, from the point of checkout to the point of delivery, based on the consideration received from the customer, whereas when we act as an agent, we recognize revenue net of the consideration due to our partners at a point in time when the services are provided.

Further, to drive traffic to our Marketplace platforms, we provide incentives to buyers and sellers in various forms including discounts on fees, discounts on items sold, coupons and rewards. Evaluating whether a promotion or incentive is a payment to a customer may require significant judgment. Promotions and incentives that are consideration payable to a customer are recognized as a reduction of revenue at the later of when revenue is recognized or when we pay or promise to pay the incentive. Promotions and incentives to most buyers on our Marketplace platforms, to whom we have no performance obligation, are recognized as sales and marketing expense. In addition, we may provide credits to customers when we refund certain fees. Credits are accounted for as variable consideration at contract inception when estimating the amount of revenue to be recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur and updated as additional information becomes available.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Advertising revenues

Advertising revenues primarily consist of first-party fees paid to promote listings on our Marketplace platforms, as well as third-party advertising fees. First-party advertising services are provided to sellers to promote their listings through on-site or off-site sponsored ads and are a distinct performance obligation for which revenue is recognized when (or over the period) these services are performed. Third-party advertising revenues are derived principally from the sale of online advertisements that are based on impressions or clicks delivered to advertisers. We recognize revenue in the contracted period in which the ads are clicked and the impressions are displayed.

Internal use software costs

Platform development costs, including direct labor and stock-based compensation, are capitalized and amortized over an estimated useful life of one to three years . During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we capitalized $ 134 million and $ 108 million, respectively. Amortization of previously capitalized amounts was $ 114 million, $ 114 million and $ 123 million for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Direct costs incurred to develop cloud computing arrangements were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Costs related to the design or maintenance of internal use software are expensed as incurred.

Marketing expense

We expense marketing costs according to the terms of each agreement, typically when incurred or over the period during which the advertising space or airtime is used, in each case, as a component of “Sales and marketing” on our consolidated statement of income. Marketing expense totaled $ 1.4 billion, $ 1.4 billion and $ 1.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Stock-based compensation

We have equity incentive plans under which we grant equity awards, including stock options, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), and performance-based restricted stock units (“PBRSUs”), to our directors, officers and employees. We primarily issue RSUs. We determine compensation expense associated with RSUs based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant. We determine compensation expense associated with stock options based on the estimated grant date fair value method using the Black-Scholes valuation model. We generally recognize compensation expense using a straight-line amortization method over the respective vesting period for awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Accordingly, stock-based compensation expense for 2025, 2024 and 2023 has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. When estimating forfeitures, we consider voluntary termination behaviors as well as trends of actual option forfeitures. We recognize a benefit or provision from stock-based compensation in earnings as a component of “Income tax provision” to the extent that an incremental tax benefit or deficiency is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax law.

Transaction losses

Transaction losses consists primarily of losses resulting from our buyer protection programs, chargebacks for unauthorized credit card use, and merchant related chargebacks due to non-delivery of goods or services.

Transaction losses represents our estimate of actual losses based on our historical experience and many other factors including changes to our protection programs and macroeconomic conditions.

Customer accounts and funds receivable

Customer accounts represent cash received from buyers that is held by financial institutions. Due to safeguarding requirements in certain regions, a portion of this balance is considered restricted. Funds receivable represents customer cash in transit and held by payment processors. These balances are associated with marketplace activity and are awaiting payment to sellers.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

We are exposed to credit losses from customer accounts and funds receivable balances held by third party financial institutions and payment processors. We assess these balances for credit loss based on a review of the average period for which the funds are held, current credit ratings and our assessment of the probability of default and loss given default models. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, no credit-related losses were recognized.

Customer accounts and funds payable

These balances primarily represent the Company’s liability towards its customers to settle funds from the completed transactions on our Marketplace platforms associated with marketplace activity.

Income taxes

Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties and the complexity of taxes on foreign earnings. We review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Tax positions are evaluated for potential reserves for uncertainty based on the estimated probability of sustaining the position under examination. Our income tax rate is affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings including U.S. minimum taxes on foreign earnings. The deferred tax benefit derived from the amortization of our intellectual property is based on the fair value, which has been agreed with foreign tax authorities. The deferred tax benefit may from time to time change based on changes in tax rates.

We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach, which requires the recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized on our financial statements or tax returns. The measurement of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on provisions of enacted tax laws; the effects of future changes in tax laws or rates are not anticipated. If necessary, the measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by the amount of any tax benefits that are not expected to be realized based on available evidence.

We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

Cash and cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased, which may include bank deposits, U.S. Treasury securities, time deposits, and certificates of deposit.

We consider cash to be restricted when withdrawal or general use is legally restricted. We hold restricted cash in segregated bank accounts for purposes of safeguarding customer funds, for our global sabbatical program and for certain amounts related to other compensation arrangements held in escrow.

Investments

“Short-term investments” are primarily comprised of corporate bonds, commercial paper and government and agency securities. “Short-term investments” are investments with maturities of less than one year, are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value using the specific identification method.

“Long-term investments” are primarily comprised of corporate bonds, government and agency securities, equity investments under the fair value option, equity investments under the equity method of accounting and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. Debt securities are classified as available-for-sale and are reported at fair value using the specific identification method.

Unrealized gains and losses on our available-for-sale debt securities are excluded from earnings and reported as a component of “Other comprehensive income (loss),” net of related estimated income tax provisions or benefits. We periodically assess our portfolio of debt investments for impairment. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, this assessment first takes into account our intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not that we will be

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of these criteria are met, the debt security’s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through “Interest income and other, net.” For debt securities in an unrealized loss position that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, we assess whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, we consider the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and any adverse conditions specifically related to the security, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss may exist, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security are compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses will be recognized through “Interest income and other, net,” limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any additional impairment not recognized through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recognized as provision for (or reversal of) credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of an available-for-sale security is confirmed or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. These changes are recognized in “Interest income and other, net.”

Our equity investments include equity investments with readily determinable fair values, equity investments without readily determinable fair values and equity investments under the equity method of accounting, including those in which the fair value option has been elected. Our equity investment in Adevinta is described in a separate section under “Equity investment in Adevinta” in this Note.

Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are investments in publicly-traded companies for which we do not exercise significant influence and are measured at fair value based on the respective closing stock price and prevailing foreign exchange rate, as applicable, at the period end date. Equity investments with readily determinable fair values are classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as the valuation can be obtained from real time quotes in active markets. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net.”

Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are non-marketable equity securities, which are investments in privately-held companies for which we do not exercise significant influence and are accounted for under the measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or similar investment of the same issuer. We perform a qualitative fair value assessment on a quarterly basis over our equity investments without readily determinable fair values to identify any changes in basis or impairments. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are considered impaired when there is an indication that the fair value of our interest is less than the carrying amount. Changes in value and impairments of equity investments without readily determinable fair values are recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. Equity investments without readily determinable fair values are presented within “Long-term investments” on our consolidated balance sheet.

We account for equity investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee under the equity method or under the fair value option.

For equity method investments, our consolidated statement of income includes, as a component of “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net,” our share of the net income or loss of the investee. We perform a qualitative impairment assessment on a quarterly basis over our equity method investments. Equity method investments are considered impaired when there is an indication of an other-than-temporary decline in value below the carrying amount. Impairments and any other adjustments to equity method investments are recognized in “ Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net .” Equity method investments are presented within “Long-term investments” on our consolidated balance sheet.

Equity investments under the fair value option are measured at fair value based on a quarterly valuation analysis or using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient. Equity investments measured at fair value based on a quarterly valuation analysis are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, as the valuation reflects management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the equity investment. Equity investments measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. S ubsequent changes in fair value are recognized in

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

“Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net.” Equity investments under the fair value option are presented within “Long-term investments” on our consolidated balance sheet.

Refer to “Note 5 — Investments” and “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for additional details.

Equity investment in Adevinta

At the initial recognition of our equity investment in Adevinta, we elected the fair value option where subsequent changes in fair value were recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. On May 29, 2024, we completed the previously announced sale of our stake in Adevinta in exchange for cash and shares of a new entity, Aurelia.

Refer to “Note 5 — Investments” and “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for additional details.

Leases

We determine if an arrangement is a lease or contains a lease at inception. Operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments, discounted using the discount rate for the lease at the commencement date. As the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable for our operating leases, we generally use an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of future lease payments. Operating right-of-use (“ROU”) assets are generally recognized based on the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability. Our leases have remaining lease terms of up to ten years , some of which include options to extend the leases for up to five years , and some of which include options to terminate the leases within one year . Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We account for lease and fixed non-lease components as a single lease component for our data center leases. Lease and non-lease components for all other leases are accounted for separately.

Operating leases are included in “Operating lease right-of-use assets”, “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” and “Operating lease liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheets.

Property and equipment

Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation for equipment, buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally, one to four years for computer equipment and software, up to thirty years for buildings and building improvements, the shorter of five years or the term of the lease for leasehold improvements and three years for furniture and fixtures. Land is not depreciated.

Goodwill

Goodwill is tested for impairment at a minimum on an annual basis at the reporting unit level. A qualitative assessment can be performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit’s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The fair value of the reporting unit is estimated using income and market approaches. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow method, a form of the income approach, uses expected future operating results and a market participant discount rate. The market approach uses comparable company prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions (either publicly traded entities or mergers and acquisitions) to develop pricing metrics to be applied to historical and expected future operating results of our reporting unit. Failure to achieve these expected results, changes in the discount rate or market pricing metrics may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill as of August 31, 2025 and 2024 and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was required.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Impairment of long-lived assets

We evaluate long-lived assets (including leases) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. In 2025, 2024, and 2023, no impairment was recognized.

Foreign currency

Most of our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of their respective countries as their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. Gains and losses resulting from the translation of our consolidated balance sheet are recognized as a component of “Accumulated other comprehensive income” (“AOCI”).

Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are recognized as “Interest income and other, net.”

Derivative instruments

We use derivative financial instruments, primarily forwards, options and swaps, to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. We may also use other derivative instruments not designated as hedges, such as forwards to hedge foreign currency balance sheet exposures. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

We also entered into a warrant agreement in addition to a commercial agreement with Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) that, subject to meeting certain conditions, entitled us to acquire a fixed number of shares up to 5 % of Adyen’s fully diluted issued and outstanding share capital at a specific date. The warrant was accounted for as a derivative instrument under Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The warrant expired on January 31, 2025.

See “Note 6 — Derivative Instruments” for a full description of our derivative instrument activities and related accounting policies.

Concentration of credit risk

Our cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable, customer accounts and funds receivable, available-for-sale debt securities and derivative instruments are potentially subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents are placed with financial institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. In each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenues. Our derivative instruments expose us to credit risk to the extent that our counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreements.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In 2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2022-03-Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The guidance clarifies the fair value measurement guidance for equity securities subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security. Further, the guidance introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim reporting periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2023 with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07—Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The guidance is intended to improve reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses enabling investors to better understand an entity’s overall performance and assess potential future cash flows. In addition, the amendments enhance interim

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

disclosure requirements, clarify circumstances in which an entity can disclose multiple segment measures of profit or loss, provide new segment disclosure requirements for entities with a single reportable segment, and contain other disclosure requirements. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. We adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2024 with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-08—Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60): Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets. The guidance addresses the accounting and disclosure requirements for certain crypto assets and requires entities to subsequently measure certain crypto assets at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in net income in each reporting period. In addition, entities are required to provide additional disclosures about the holdings of certain crypto assets. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024, including interim reporting periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2025 with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09—Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The guidance is intended to further standardize income tax disclosures primarily related to the presentation of the effective tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information on our financial statements and disclosures. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2024. We adopted this guidance prospectively in the fourth quarter of 2025 with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Refer to “Note 14 — Income Taxes” for further details about our income tax disclosures.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03—Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses. The guidance is intended to improve disclosures about expenses and address requests from investors for more transparent expense information through disaggregation of relevant expense captions in the notes to the financial statements. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. We are evaluating the effect that this standard may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06—Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software. The guidance is intended to improve certain aspects of the accounting for and disclosure of internally developed software costs specific to website development. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. We have elected to early adopt the standard effective January 1, 2026, using the retrospective transition method. Under this method, the Company will restate its comparative financial statements for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 as if the guidance had been applied in all periods presented and will record a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings as of January 1, 2024, the beginning of the earliest period presented.

The most significant impact of the standard relates to the capitalization of product development cost for our Marketplace platforms. Under the new standard, due to the iterative and agile nature of our product development, we have determined that significant development uncertainty generally persists until the software is deployed, or within a short period prior to deployment. Consequently, we expect substantially all product development costs related to the Company’s Marketplace platforms would be expensed as the probable-to-complete threshold would not have been met. We currently estimate that the cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings will be between $ 80 million and $ 120 million, net of tax.

We do not expect the adoption of the standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures for the fiscal year 2026 or on our comparative financial statements for the fiscal years 2025 and 2024.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

In 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-07—Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) and Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Derivatives Scope Refinements and Scope Clarification for Share-Based Noncash Consideration from a Customer in a Revenue Contract. The guidance refines the scope of the guidance on derivatives in ASC 815 (Issue 1) and clarifies the guidance on share-based payments from a customer in ASC 606 (Issue 2) and is intended to address concerns about the application of derivative accounting to contracts that have features based on the operations or activities of one of the parties to the contract and to reduce diversity in the accounting for share-based payments in revenue contracts. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. We are evaluating the effect that this standard may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-09—Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Hedge Accounting Improvements. The guidance is intended to more closely align hedge accounting with the economics of risk management activities. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. We are evaluating the effect that this standard may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-11—Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements. The guidance is intended to improve the navigability of the guidance in ASC 270 and clarify when it applies. The guidance also adds lists to ASC 270 of the interim disclosures required by all other Codification topics, and establishes a principle under which an entity must disclose events since the end of the last annual reporting period that have a material impact on the entity. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 2 — Net Income Per Share

Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income for the period by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive common stock outstanding during the period. The dilutive effect of outstanding options and equity incentive awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method. The calculation of diluted net income per share excludes all anti-dilutive common shares.

The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions, except per share amounts):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 3 — Goodwill

The following table presents goodwill activity for the periods indicated (in millions):

Goodwill acquired during the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily relates to the acquisition of Caramel, an end-to-end online automotive transaction solution provider and Tise, a consumer-to-consumer social marketplace headquartered in Oslo, Norway. The measurement periods relating to the acquisitions of Caramel and Tise end in February and October 2026, respectively. The adjustments to goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were primarily due to foreign currency translation. There were no impairments to goodwill in 2025, 2024 or 2023.

Acquisition of Depop, Inc.

In February 2026, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Depop, Inc., a leading C2C fashion marketplace, for approximately $ 1.2 billion in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments. The transaction is currently expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions and receipt of required regulatory approvals.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 4 — Segments

We have one reportable segment, which reflects how the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), President and Chief Executive Officer, reviews and assesses performance of the business. The CODM assesses the performance of the Company and decides how to allocate resources based on consolidated net income reported on the consolidated statement of income. The CODM uses consolidated net income in deciding whether to reinvest profits into certain parts of the business or return a portion of such profits to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Significant expense categories regularly provided to and reviewed by the CODM are those presented on the consolidated statement of income. The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheet as total assets, although the CODM does not evaluate asset information for purposes of allocating resources or evaluating performance.

Net Revenues

The following table summarizes net revenues by activity for the periods indicated (in millions):

Net Revenues by Geography

Net revenues, inclusive of the effects of foreign exchange during each period, are attributed to the United States and international geographies primarily based upon the country in which the customer is located.

The following table summarizes net revenues based on geography for the periods indicated (in millions):

Long-Lived Tangible Assets by Geography

Long-lived tangible assets consisting of property and equipment, net and lease right-of-use assets are attributed to the United States and international geographies based upon the country in which the asset is located, leased or owned.

The following table summarizes long-lived tangible assets based on geography as of the dates indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 5 — Investments

The following tables summarize the unrealized gains and losses and estimated fair value of our investments classified as available-for-sale debt securities as of the dates indicated (in millions):

Our fixed-income investments consist of predominantly investment grade corporate bonds, commercial paper and government and agency securities. The corporate bonds, commercial paper and government and agency securities that we invest in are generally deemed to be low risk based on their credit ratings from the major rating agencies to minimize exposure to credit losses. As of December 31, 2025, unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities were primarily related to continued market volatility. The Company does not intend and is not more likely than not required to sell the investments before the recovery of the amortized cost basis. We did not recognize any credit-related impairment through an allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2025.

The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, aggregated by the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Refer to “Note 15 — Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income” for amounts reclassified to earnings from AOCI.

The following table presents estimated fair values of our short-term and long-term investments classified as available-for-sale debt securities by date of contractual maturity as of the date indicated (in millions):

Equity Investments

The following table summarizes our equity investments as of the dates indicated (in millions):

Equity investments without readily determinable fair values

Equity investment in Aurelia

In the second quarter of 2024, we completed the sale of (1) 227 million Adevinta ASA (“Adevinta”) shares in exchange for $ 2.4 billion in cash and (2) 177 million Adevinta shares in exchange for 177 million shares of a new entity, Aurelia Netherlands TopCo B.V. (“Aurelia”). The newly acquired investment in Aurelia was valued at $ 1.9 billion and represented approximately 18.3 % ownership of the outstanding equity.

Concurrently, we granted Aurelia UK Feederco Limited, the buyer of our previously owned Adevinta shares, a six-month option to purchase a portion of our Aurelia shares (the “Aurelia Option”). In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Aurelia Option was exercised, upon which we sold 97 million shares in Aurelia in exchange for $ 1.0 billion in cash, and recognized an $ 11 million loss in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. The remaining investment represented 8.3 % of the outstanding equity of Aurelia. Cash proceeds, net of transaction costs, related to the sale of Aurelia shares were classified as an investing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The equity investment in Aurelia is accounted for under the measurement alternative as we are not able to exercise significant influence based on the governance structure of Aurelia.

In the first quarter of 2025, Aurelia implemented a recapitalization in connection with the creation of a management incentive plan. Prior to the recapitalization, we only held common shares in Aurelia. Subsequent to the recapitalization, we now hold both common and preferred shares in Aurelia.

In the second quarter of 2025, we received a $ 225 million cash distribution related to our equity investment in Aurelia. The distribution represents a return of capital based on the nature of the transaction and terms of Aurelia’s shareholder agreement to which we are party. The distribution resulted in a $ 214 million reduction to the carrying value of the investment on our consolidated balance sheet and a foreign exchange gain of $ 11 million recognized in “Interest income and other, net” on our consolidated statement of income. Cash received from the distribution was classified as an investing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

The recapitalization and the shareholder distribution did not impact our ownership as we continue to own approximately 8.3 % of the total outstanding preferred and common shares of Aurelia as of December 31, 2025.

The carrying value of our remaining investment in Aurelia was $ 653 million and $ 867 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.

Prior to the 2024 sale of Adevinta shares discussed above, we held a 33 % equity interest in Adevinta. At the initial recognition of this equity investment in Adevinta, we elected the fair value option where subsequent changes in fair value were recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. Refer to “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for more information.

In 2024, unrealized losses of $ 234 million and a realized gain of $ 78 million were recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income related to the change in fair value and sale of Adevinta shares.

Other equity investments without readily determinable fair values

Certain other individually immaterial equity investments aggregating to $ 172 million and $ 144 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, are accounted for under the measurement alternative. The change in value of our other equity investments without readily determinable fair values during 2025 and 2024 was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.

Equity investments under the equity method of accounting

Certain other individually immaterial equity investments aggregating to $ 49 million and $ 65 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Our share of the net income or loss of our equity method investments during 2025 and 2024 was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.

Equity investments under the fair value option

Equity investment in Gmarket

In the fourth quarter of 2024, we sold our remaining stake in Gmarket Global LLC (“Gmarket”) valued at $ 323 million in exchange for $ 322 million in cash, net of transaction costs, and recognized a realized loss of $ 1 million and an unrealized loss of $ 12 million related to the change in fair value of the investment in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. Cash proceeds, net of transaction costs, related to the sale of Gmarket shares were classified as an investing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Prior to the sale of shares, we held 19.99 % of the equity interest in Gmarket, over which we were able to exercise significant influence based on the terms of the securities purchase agreement, and through our board representation. At the initial recognition of this equity investment in Gmarket, we elected the fair value option where subsequent changes in fair value were recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on the consolidated statement of income. Refer to “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for more information.

Other investments

Certain other individually immaterial equity investments aggregating to $ 55 million and $ 54 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share and therefore, have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Refer to “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for more information.

Equity investments with readily determinable fair values

Equity investment in Adyen

We entered into a warrant agreement in conjunction with a commercial agreement with Adyen that, subject to meeting certain conditions, entitled us to acquire a fixed number of shares up to 5 % of Adyen’s fully diluted issued and outstanding share capital at a specific date. The warrant had a term of seven years and vested in a series of four tranches at a specified price per share (fixed for the first two tranches) upon meeting processing volume milestone targets on a calendar year basis. When a relevant milestone was reached, the warrant became exercisable with respect to the corresponding tranche of warrant shares. The warrant expired on January 31, 2025. Refer to “Note 6 — Derivative Instruments” for more information about the warrant.

In the fourth quarter of 2024, we met the processing volume milestone required to vest in the second tranche of the Adyen warrant. Upon vesting, we exercised the option to purchase shares of Adyen valued at $ 630 million in exchange for $ 108 million in cash. We subsequently sold the remainder of our shares in Adyen for $ 573 million and recognized a realized loss of $ 57 million in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. Cash paid related to the exercise of the second tranche of the warrant and cash proceeds, net of transaction costs, related to the sale of Adyen shares was classified as an investing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

Gains and losses on equity investments

The following table summarizes unrealized gains and losses related to equity investments held as of December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 and presented within “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” for the periods indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Summarized financial information of equity investments under the equity method and fair value option

Equity investment in Adevinta

Adevinta’s financial information was prepared on the basis of International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”). We have made certain immaterial adjustments to Adevinta’s summarized financial information to address differences between IFRS and GAAP that impact the summarized financial information presented below.

On May 29, 2024, we completed the sale of Adevinta. As a result, the 2024 summarized income statement information includes the stub period of October 1, 2023 to May 29, 2024. The following tables present Adevinta’s summarized financial information on a one-quarter lag (in millions):

Other equity investments accounted for under the equity method and fair value option

The following tables present summarized financial information of our equity investments accounted for under the equity method and the fair value option in the aggregate on a one-quarter lag. The tables below exclude the summarized financial information of our equity investment in Adevinta which is separately disclosed above.

Financial information of certain of these equity investments is prepared on the basis of local generally accepted accounting principles or IFRS. We have made certain immaterial adjustments as applicable to address differences between local generally accepted accounting principles or IFRS and GAAP that impact the summarized financial information. During the period in which we recognize an equity investment, the summarized financial information reflects activity from the date of recognition.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 6 — Derivative Instruments

Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. These hedging contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse foreign exchange rate and interest rate movements. We do not use any of our derivative instruments for trading purposes.

We use foreign currency exchange contracts to reduce the volatility of cash flows related to forecasted revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, including intercompany balances denominated in foreign currencies. These contracts are generally one month to one year in duration, but with maturities up to 24 months. The objective of the foreign exchange contracts is to ensure that ultimately the U.S. dollar-equivalent cash flows are not adversely affected by changes in the applicable U.S. dollar/foreign currency exchange rate. We evaluate the effectiveness of our foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow or net investment hedges on a quarterly basis.

We use interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on our fixed rate notes issued in November 2025 and maturing in 2035. These interest rate swaps had the economic effect of modifying the fixed interest obligations associated with $ 400 million of these notes so that the interest payable on these senior notes effectively became variable based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) plus a spread. The duration of these interest rate contracts is for three years and five years expiring in November 2028 and 2030 respectively.

In 2024, we entered into derivative instruments to hedge the variability of forecasted interest payments on anticipated debt issuance using forward-starting interest rate swaps. These interest rate swaps effectively fixed the benchmark interest rate and had the economic effect of hedging the variability of forecasted interest payments for up to ten years on an anticipated debt issuance. Similar to other cash flow hedges, we recorded changes in the fair value of these interest rate swaps in AOCI until the anticipated debt issuance. In November 2025, we issued $ 1.0 billion of senior notes, which consisted of notes maturing in 2029 and 2035. As a result, we terminated the interest rate swaps and the immaterial gain associated with the termination will be amortized to interest expense over the term of our notes due in November 2035.

Cash Flow Hedges

For derivative instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges, the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period the forecasted hedged transaction affects earnings. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two-month time period. Unrealized gains and losses in AOCI associated with such derivative instruments are immediately reclassified into earnings . As of December 31, 2025, we have estimated that $ 36 million of net derivative losses related to our foreign exchange cash flow hedges and $ 7 million net derivative gains related to our interest rate cash flow hedges included in AOCI will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. We classify cash flows related to our cash flow hedges as operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

Fair Value Hedges

We have designated the interest rate swaps used to manage interest rate risk on our fixed rate notes issued in November 2025 and maturing in 2035 as qualifying hedging instruments and are accounting for them as fair value hedges. These transactions are designated as fair value hedges for financial accounting purposes because they protect us against changes in the fair value of certain of our fixed rate borrowings due to benchmark interest rate movements. Changes in the fair values of these interest rate swap agreements are recognized in other assets or other liabilities with a corresponding increase or decrease in long-term debt. Each quarter, the net amount between the interest we expect to pay based on SOFR plus a spread to the counterparty and the interest we expect to receive from the counterparty per the fixed rate of these senior notes is recognized as “Interest expense.”

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Non-Designated Hedges

Our derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward contracts that we primarily use to hedge monetary assets or liabilities, including intercompany balances and equity investments denominated in non-functional currencies. The gains and losses on our derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recognized in “Interest income and other, net,” which are offset by the foreign currency gains and losses on the related assets and liabilities that are also recognized in “Interest income and other, net.” We classify cash flows related to our non-designated hedging instruments in the same line item as the cash flows of the related assets or liabilities, which is generally within operating activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows. Cash flows related to the settlement of non-designated hedging instruments related to equity investments are classified within investing activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

Warrant

We were previously party to a warrant agreement that we entered into in conjunction with a commercial agreement with Adyen N.V. (“Adyen”) that, subject to meeting certain conditions, entitled us to acquire a fixed number of shares up to 5 % of Adyen’s fully diluted share capital at a specific date. The warrant had a term of seven years and vested in a series of four tranches, at a specified price per share (fixed for the first two tranches) upon meeting processing volume milestone targets on a calendar year basis. When a relevant milestone was reached, the warrant became exercisable with respect to the corresponding tranche of warrant shares.

The warrant was accounted for as a derivative under ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging . As of December 31, 2024, the warrant was reported as a component of other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. Changes in the fair value of the warrant were recognized in “Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net” on our consolidated statement of income. The day-one value attributable to the other side of the warrant, which was recognized as a deferred credit, was reported within “Accrued expenses and other current liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheet and was amortized over the life of the initial commercial arrangement. See “Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities” for information about the fair value measurement of the warrant.

In the fourth quarter of 2024, we met the processing volume milestone required to vest in the second tranche of our warrant and upon vesting, we exercised the option to purchase shares of Adyen valued at $ 630 million in exchange for $ 108 million in cash. Cash paid related to the exercise of the second tranche of the warrant was classified as an investing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows. As of December 31, 2024, the probability of meeting the processing volume milestone targets for remaining two tranches of the Adyen warrant was zero percent. The warrant expired on January 31, 2025.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Fair Value of Derivative Contracts

The following table presents the fair values of our outstanding derivative instruments as of the dates indicated (in millions):

Under the master netting agreements with the respective counterparties to our derivative contracts, subject to applicable requirements, we are allowed to net settle transactions of the same type with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. However, we have elected to present the derivative assets and derivative liabilities on a gross basis on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2025, the potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the foreign exchange contracts would be an offset to both assets and liabilities by $ 8 million, resulting in net derivative assets of $ 21 million. As of December 31, 2025, there was no potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the interest rate contracts as there were no liability positions.

Effect of Derivative Contracts on Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

The following tables present the activity of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the impact of these derivative contracts on AOCI for the periods indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Effect of Derivative Contracts on Consolidated Statement of Income

The following table summarizes the total gain (loss) recognized on the consolidated statement of income from our foreign exchange derivative contracts by location for the periods indicated (in millions):

The following table summarizes the total gain recognized on the consolidated statement of income from our interest rate derivative contracts by location for the periods indicated (in millions):

The following table summarizes the total gain (loss) recognized on the consolidated statement of income due to changes in the fair value of warrants for the periods indicated (in millions):

Notional Amounts of Derivative Contracts

Derivative transactions are measured in terms of the notional amount, but this amount is not recognized on our consolidated balance sheet and is not, when viewed in isolation, a meaningful measure of the risk profile of the instruments. The notional amount is generally not exchanged, but is used only as the basis on which the value of foreign exchange payments under these contracts are determined. The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivatives as of the dates indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Credit Risk

Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the arrangement. We seek to mitigate such risk by limiting our counterparties to, and by spreading the risk across, major financial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 7 — Fair Value Measurement of Assets and Liabilities

The following tables present our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Our financial assets and liabilities are valued using market prices on both active markets (Level 1), less active markets (Level 2) and little or no market activity (Level 3). Level 1 instrument valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. Level 2 instrument valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for comparable instruments, identical instruments in less active markets, or models using market observable inputs. Level 3 instrument valuations typically reflect management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. We did not have any transfers of financial instruments between valuation levels during 2025 or 2024.

Other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, funds receivable, accounts payable and funds payable, are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.

Fair value measurement of derivative instruments

The majority of our derivative instruments are valued using pricing models that take into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs where applicable, such as equity prices, interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates.

The Adyen warrant, which was accounted for as a derivative instrument, was valued using a Black-Scholes model. Key assumptions used in the valuation included risk-free interest rates; Adyen’s common stock price, equity volatility and common stock outstanding; exercise price; and details specific to the warrant. The value was also probability adjusted for management’s assumptions with respect to vesting of the remaining tranches which were each subject to meeting processing volume milestone targets. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we met the processing

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

volume milestone required to vest in the second tranche of the Adyen warrant. As of December 31, 2024, the probability of meeting the processing volume milestone requirements for the remaining two tranches of the Adyen warrant was zero. The Adyen warrant expired on January 31, 2025.

The following table presents a reconciliation of the opening to closing balance of the Adyen warrant measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of the dates indicated (in millions):

Refer to “Note 6 — Derivative Instruments” for further details on our derivative instruments.

Fair value measurement of equity investments

Our equity investment in Adevinta was accounted for under the fair value option and classified within Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as the fair value was measured based on Adevinta’s closing stock price and prevailing foreign exchange rate at each balance sheet date. In the second quarter of 2024, we sold our remaining stake in Adevinta.

Our equity investment in Gmarket was accounted for under the fair value option and classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as valuation of the investment reflected management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we sold our remaining stake in Gmarket valued at $ 323 million.

The following table presents a reconciliation of the opening to closing balance of the equity investment in Gmarket measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of the dates indicated (in millions):

Certain other immaterial equity investments under the fair value option aggregating to $ 55 million and $ 54 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively, are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share and therefore, have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy.

Refer to “Note 5 — Investments” for further details about our equity investments.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 8 — Supplemental Consolidated Financial Information

Contract Balances

Timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable represents amounts invoiced and revenue recognized prior to invoicing when we have satisfied our performance obligation and have the unconditional right to payment. The allowance for doubtful accounts and authorized credits is estimated based upon our assessment of various factors including historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, current economic conditions reasonable and supportable forecasts, and other factors that may affect our customers’ ability to pay. The allowance for doubtful accounts and authorized credits is immaterial as of both December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.

Deferred revenue consists of fees received related to unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of the period. Due to the generally short-term duration of contracts, the majority of the performance obligations are satisfied in the following reporting period. The amount of revenue recognized for both the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the respective periods was immaterial.

Customer accounts and funds receivable

Other current assets

Property and equipment, net

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Total depreciation expense on our property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 totaled $ 421 million, $ 370 million and $ 441 million, respectively.

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities

Transaction loss liability

Gain (loss) on equity investments and warrants, net

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Interest income and other, net

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 9 — Debt

The following table summarizes the carrying value of our outstanding debt (in millions, except percentages):

(1) Includes the fair value adjustments to debt associated with interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges.

Senior Notes

In 2025, we issued senior notes of $ 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount, which consisted of $ 600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.250 % fixed rate notes due 2029 and $ 400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125 % fixed rate notes due 2035. Cash proceeds related to the issuance of our 4.250 % and 5.125 % senior notes were classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

In 2025, we redeemed the $ 425 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 5.900 % senior notes due in November 2025. Total cash consideration paid was $ 425 million, as the redemption price was equal to 100 % of the principal amount. In addition, we paid accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount. Cash paid related to the redemption was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

In 2025, we repaid the $ 800 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 1.900 % senior notes on the date of maturity. Cash paid related to the repayment was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

In 2024, we repaid the $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding 3.450 % senior notes on the date of maturity. Cash paid related to the repayment was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

In 2023, we repaid the $ 1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of our previously outstanding floating rate and 2.750 % senior notes on the date of maturity . Cash paid related to the repayment was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

We may redeem some or all of our outstanding fixed rate notes at any time prior to maturity, generally at a make-whole redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

If a change of control triggering event (as defined in the applicable series of notes) occurs with respect to any of our outstanding fixed rate notes, we must, subject to certain exceptions, offer to repurchase all of the notes of the applicable series at a price equal to 101 % of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

The indenture pursuant to which the senior notes were issued includes customary covenants that, among other things and subject to exceptions, limit our ability to incur, assume or guarantee debt secured by liens on specified assets or enter into sale and lease-back transactions with respect to specified properties, and also includes customary events of default with customary grace periods in certain circumstances, including payment defaults and bankruptcy-related defaults.

In connection with the November 2025 issuance of senior notes, we entered into interest rate swap agreements that effectively converted $ 400 million of our fixed rate debt to floating rate debt based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). These swaps were designated as fair value hedges against changes in the fair value of certain fixed rate senior notes resulting from changes in interest rates. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to changes in market interest rates.

The effective interest rates for our senior notes include the interest payable, the amortization of debt issuance costs and the amortization of any original issue discount and premium on these senior notes. Interest on these senior notes is payable either quarterly or semiannually. Interest expense associated with these senior notes, including amortization of debt issuance costs, during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 224 million, $ 247 million and $ 260 million, respectively. As of both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the estimated fair value of these senior notes, using Level 2 inputs, was $ 6.3 billion.

Commercial Paper

We have a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount at maturity of up to $ 1.5 billion outstanding at any time with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue. In 2025, we issued $ 2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper notes, of which $ 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount had original maturities 90 days or less and $ 0.4 billion aggregate principal amount had original maturities greater than 90 days and repaid the $ 2.5 billion aggregate principal amount of the previously outstanding commercial paper notes on the dates of maturity. As of December 31, 2025, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding. As of December 31, 2024, we had $ 450 million aggregate principal amount of commercial paper notes outstanding. Commercial paper is carried at amortized cost, which approximates its fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. Cash proceeds related to the issuance of commercial paper and cash used to repay commercial paper were classified as financing activities on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

Credit Agreement

We have a credit agreement maturing in January 2029 that provides for an unsecured $ 2.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility. We may also, subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders, increase the commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $ 1.0 billion. Funds borrowed under the credit agreement may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and bear interest at either (i) a customary forward-looking term rate based on the secured overnight financing rate published by CME Group for the relevant interest period plus an adjustment of 0.1 % or (ii) a customary base rate formula, plus a margin (based on our public debt ratings) ranging from 0 % to 0.375 %.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

As of December 31, 2025, no borrowings were outstanding under our $ 2.0 billion credit agreement. However, as described above, we have an up to $ 1.5 billion commercial paper program and are required to maintain available borrowing capacity under our credit agreement in order to repay commercial paper borrowings in the event we are unable to repay those borrowings from other sources when they become due, in an aggregate amount of $ 1.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, we had no commercial paper notes outstanding; therefore, $ 2.0 billion of borrowing capacity was available for other purposes permitted by the credit agreement, subject to customary conditions to borrowing. The credit agreement includes a covenant limiting our consolidated leverage ratio to no more than 4.0 :1.0, subject to, upon the occurrence of a qualified material acquisition, if so elected by us, a step-up to 4.5 :1.0 for the four fiscal quarters completed following such qualified material acquisition. The credit agreement includes customary events of default, with corresponding grace periods in certain circumstances, including payment defaults, cross-defaults and bankruptcy-related defaults. In addition, the credit agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and subsidiary indebtedness, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. The credit agreement also contains customary representations and warranties.

We were in compliance with all financial covenants in our outstanding debt instruments for the period ended December 31, 2025.

Future Maturities

The following table presents expected future principal maturities as of the date indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 10 — Leases

We have operating leases for office space, data centers and other corporate assets that we utilize under lease arrangements.

The following table presents a summary of leases by balance sheet location as of the dates indicated (in millions):

The following table presents components of lease expense for the periods indicated (in millions):

(1) Includes variable lease payments and sublease income that were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

The following table presents the maturity of lease liabilities under our non-cancelable operating leases as of the date indicated (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, we have non-cancellable operating leases for offices that have not commenced with immaterial fixed lease payment obligations. We are not involved in the construction or design of underlying assets.

Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 totaled $ 161 million, $ 153 million and $ 137 million, respectively. Rent expense includes operating lease costs as well as expense for non-lease components such as common area maintenance.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The following table presents supplemental information related to our leases included on our consolidated balance sheet as of the dates indicated:

The following table presents supplemental information related to our leases for the periods indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 11 — Commitments and Contingencies

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2025, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.

Litigation and Other Legal Matters

We are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings on an ongoing basis. If we believe that a loss arising from such matters is probable and can be reasonably estimated, we accrue the estimated liability on our financial statements. If only a range of estimated losses can be determined, we accrue an amount within the range that, in our judgment, reflects the most likely outcome; if none of the estimates within that range is a better estimate than any other amount, we accrue the low end of the range. For those proceedings in which an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, we have disclosed an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses or we have concluded that an estimate of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising directly from the proceeding (i.e., monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) is not material. If we cannot estimate the probable or reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising from a proceeding, we have disclosed that fact. In assessing the materiality of a proceeding, we evaluate, among other factors, the amount of monetary damages claimed, as well as the potential impact of non-monetary remedies sought by plaintiffs (e.g., injunctive relief) that may require us to change our business practices in a manner that could have a material adverse impact on our business. Legal fees are expensed as incurred.

On January 31, 2024, the Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) and the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the “DEA Settlement Agreement”), which fully resolved DOJ’s allegations of noncompliance arising under the Controlled Substances Act. Pursuant to the DEA Settlement Agreement, the Company paid $ 59 million and agreed to implement enhanced processes regarding its monitoring and reporting of listings that violate the Company’s policies.

In January 2024, the Company also entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (the “DPA”) with the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts (the “U.S. Attorney”) regarding potential criminal liability of the Company arising from the stalking and harassment in 2019 of the editor and publisher of Ecommercebytes, a website that publishes ecommerce news and information. Six former Company employees and one former contractor have pleaded guilty to crimes arising from the conduct. Pursuant to the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney filed a six-count criminal Information in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts in January 2024 and agreed to defer any prosecution of the Company on those counts. Additionally, during the three-year term of the DPA, the Company is subject to an independent compliance monitor to assess its compliance program and, where appropriate, to modify that program. The Company also paid a $ 3 million penalty. If the Company successfully meets its obligations under the DPA, after three years , the DPA will expire, and the U.S. Attorney has agreed to dismiss the criminal information against the Company. The editor and publisher also have a pending civil action against the Company arising from the above-described conduct.

On September 27, 2023, the DOJ, on behalf of the Environmental Protection Agency (collectively, the “Government”), filed a civil complaint in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York (the “District Court”) alleging that we are liable for the sale of regulated or illicit products manufactured and sold by third parties who listed such products on the Marketplace platforms in a manner that evaded and/or was designed to evade detection in violation of the Clean Air Act, Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act. On September 30, 2024, the District Court issued an order dismissing the Government’s claims in their entirety. During the third quarter of 2024, we released amounts previously accrued for estimated losses in connection with the Government’s claims, for which we previously believed a loss was probable. On November 26, 2024, the Government filed a Notice of Appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (the “Second Circuit”), seeking review of the District Court’s decision. On April 24, 2025, the Government filed a motion to voluntarily dismiss its appeal of the District Court’s decision. On April 25, 2025, the Second Circuit granted the Government’s motion, and the appeal was dismissed.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Amounts accrued for legal and regulatory proceedings were not material as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. We have concluded, based on currently available information, that reasonably possible losses arising directly from the proceedings (i.e., monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) in excess of our recognized accruals are also not material. However, legal and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to uncertainties. If one or more matters were resolved against us in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the impact on our operating results or financial condition for that reporting period could be material.

Indemnification Provisions

We entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements with PayPal to govern the separation and relationship of the two companies. These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to disputes between us and PayPal, which may be significant. In addition, the indemnity rights we have against PayPal under the agreements may not be sufficient to protect us and our indemnity obligations to PayPal may be significant.

In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers and with certain other officers. These agreements require us to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which they may become subject as a result of their affiliation with us.

In the ordinary course of business, we have included limited indemnification provisions in certain of our agreements with parties with which we have commercial relations, including our standard marketing, promotions and application programming interface license agreements. Under these contracts, we may indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with claims by a third party with respect to intellectual property infringement, including to our trademarks, logos and proprietary software, and other branding elements, such as domain names, to the extent that such are applicable to our performance under the subject agreement. In certain cases, we have agreed to provide indemnification for gross negligence, willful misconduct, fraud and breach of representations, warranties and applicable law. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recognized on our consolidated statement of income in connection with our indemnification provisions have not been material, either individually or collectively.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 12 — Stockholders’ Equity

Preferred Stock

We are authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series; to establish the number of shares included within each series; to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any related qualifications, limitations or restrictions; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series (but not below the number of shares of a series then outstanding) without any further vote or action by our stockholders. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, there were 10 million shares of $ 0.001 par value preferred stock authorized for issuance, and no shares issued or outstanding.

Common Stock

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue 3.58 billion shares of common stock .

Stock Repurchase Program

Our stock repurchase programs are intended to programmatically offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and, subject to market conditions and other factors, to make opportunistic and programmatic repurchases of our common stock to reduce our outstanding share count and return value to stockholders. Any share repurchases under our stock repurchase programs may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions) or other means at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate and will be funded from our working capital or other financing alternatives. Our stock repurchase programs may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including corporate and regulatory requirements, price and other market conditions and management’s determination as to the appropriate use of our cash. Cash paid related to the repurchase of common stock was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, authorized an incremental $ 2.0 billion under our stock repurchase program in addition to the $ 5.0 billion previously authorized in 2024. Our stock repurchase program has no expiration from the date of authorization.

The following table summarizes repurchase activity under our stock repurchase programs during 2025 (in millions, except per share amounts):

(1) These repurchased shares of common stock were recognized as “Treasury stock” and were accounted for under the cost method. None of the repurchased shares of common stock have been retired.

(2) Excludes immaterial broker commissions and excise tax accruals.

Dividends

We paid a total of $ 531 million, $ 533 million and $ 528 million in cash dividends during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In February 2026, our Audit Committee, pursuant to delegated authority from our Board, declared a cash dividend of $ 0.31 per share of common stock to be paid on March 20, 2026 to stockholders of record as of March 6, 2026. Cash paid related to the payment of dividends was classified as a financing activity on our consolidated statement of cash flows.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 13 — Employee Benefit Plans

Equity Incentive Plans

We have equity incentive plans under which we grant equity awards inclusive of restricted stock units (“RSUs”), and performance-based restricted stock units (“PBRSUs”) to our directors, officers and employees. As of December 31, 2025, 805 million shares were authorized under our equity incentive plans and 46 million shares were available for future grant.

RSU awards granted to eligible employees under our equity incentive plans generally vest in annual or quarterly installments over a period of four years and are subject to continued employment.

In 2025, 2024 and 2023, certain executives were eligible to receive PBRSUs. Each PBRSU cycle has a three-year performance period (consisting of the average performance each year relative to the financial performance goals for that year), along with a total shareholder return modifier based on the Company’s stock performance relative to the S&P 500 over a three-year performance period. The financial performance goals for each year of the performance period are approved by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee at the beginning of that year. The target number of shares subject to the PBRSU award are adjusted based on the Company’s actual performance in relation to the target financial performance and then adjusted by the total shareholder return modifier at the end of the applicable performance period. Any earned PBRSUs vest, if at all, in March following the end of the applicable three-year performance period.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) for eligible employees. Under the ESPP, shares of our common stock may be purchased over an offering period with a maximum duration of two years at 85 % of the lower of the fair market value on the first day of the applicable offering period or on the last day of the six-month purchase period. Employees may purchase shares having a value not exceeding 10 % of their eligible compensation during an offering period and subject to statutory limits. During 2025, employees purchased approximately 3 million shares under this plan compared to 3 million shares in 2024 and 2 million shares in 2023 at average prices of $ 34.61 , $ 33.14 and $ 33.63 per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 23 million shares of common stock were reserved for future issuance.

Restricted Stock Unit Activity

The following table presents RSU activity (including PBRSUs that have been earned) under our equity incentive plans as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in millions, except per share amounts):

During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs vested under our equity incentive plans was $ 821 million, $ 600 million and $ 455 million, respectively.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

The following table presents stock-based compensation expense for the periods indicated (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 902 million of unearned stock-based compensation that will be expensed from 2026 through 2030. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel all or a portion of the remaining unearned stock-based compensation expense. Future unearned stock-based compensation will increase to the extent we grant additional equity awards, change the mix of grants between stock options and restricted stock units or assume unvested equity awards in connection with acquisitions.

Employee Savings Plans

We have a defined contribution plan, which is qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Participating employees may contribute up to 50 % of their eligible earned compensation, but not more than statutory limits. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we contributed one dollar for each dollar a participant contributed, with a maximum contribution of 4 % of each employee’s eligible earned compensation, subject to a maximum employer contribution of $ 14,000 , $ 13,800 and $ 13,200 per employee for each period, respectively. Our non-U.S. employees are covered by various other savings plans. Total expense for these plans was $ 72 million, $ 70 million and $ 61 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 14 — Income Taxes

The following table presents the components of “Income from continuing operations before income taxes” for the periods indicated (in millions):

The following table summarizes the “Income tax provision” for the periods indicated (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The following table presents a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% to our effective tax rate pursuant to the prospective adoption of ASU 2023-09 for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in millions, except percentages):

(1) State taxes in Illinois and California made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.

The following table presents a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% to our effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in millions):

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The following table summarizes the cash paid for income taxes for the periods indicated (in millions):

(1) Foreign cash paid for income taxes (net of refunds received) in 2025 includes $ 122 million related to Switzerland.

(2) Total cash paid for income taxes includes $ 50 million related to discontinued operations.

Total cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations in 2024 and 2023 was $ 722 million and $ 746 million, respectively.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be reversed. The following table summarizes significant deferred tax assets and liabilities as of the dates indicated (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, our federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were $ 35 million, $ 35 million and $ 125 million, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and applicable state tax laws. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2027 and state net operating loss carryforwards will continue to expire in 2026. The carryforward periods on our foreign net operating loss carryforwards are as follows: $ 35 million do not expire and $ 91 million are subject to valuation allowance and continue to expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2025, state tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were $ 239 million. Most of the state tax credits carry forward indefinitely.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to certain of our deferred tax assets relating primarily to operating losses in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions and certain state tax credits and capital losses that we believe are not likely to be realized. The following table summarizes the valuation allowance activity for the periods indicated (in millions):

We have recognized the tax consequences of all foreign unremitted earnings and management has no specific plans to indefinitely reinvest the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of the balance sheet date. In 2025, we made the final payment of $ 292 million related to the repatriation of foreign earnings previously included in “Income taxes payable” on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. We have not provided for deferred taxes on outside basis differences in our investments in our foreign subsidiaries that are unrelated to unremitted earnings. These basis differences will be indefinitely reinvested. A determination of the unrecognized deferred taxes related to these other components of our outside basis difference is not practicable.

The following table presents changes in unrecognized tax benefits for the periods indicated (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits of $ 521 million included $ 8 million of unrecognized tax benefits indemnified by PayPal. As of December 31, 2024, gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits of $ 674 million included $ 45 million of unrecognized tax benefits indemnified by PayPal. If total unrecognized tax benefits were realized in a future period, it would result in a tax benefit of $ 309 million. Of this amount, $ 6 million of unrecognized tax benefit is indemnified by PayPal and a corresponding receivable would be reduced upon a future realization. As of December 31, 2025, our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits were included in “Other liabilities” on our consolidated balance sheet.

As of December 31, 2025, and 2024 we had accrued interest and penalty expense related to uncertain tax positions of $ 61 million and $ 130 million, respectively, net of income tax benefits. The “Income tax provision” for 2025 and 2024 included interest income (expense) related to uncertain tax positions of $ 3 million and $( 31 ) million, respectively, net of tax benefits. The “Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes,” for 2025 and 2024 included interest income (expense) related to uncertain tax positions of $ 8 million and $( 1 ) million, respectively, net of tax benefits.

We are subject to both direct and indirect taxation in the United States and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We are under examination by certain tax authorities for the 2017 to 2024 tax years. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from these or other examinations. The material jurisdictions where we are subject to potential examination by tax authorities for tax years after 2009 include, among others, the United States (at the federal level and in the State of California), Germany, India, Israel, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

The timing of the resolution and/or closure of audits is highly uncertain. Given the number of years remaining subject to examination and the number of matters being examined, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits.

On July 4, 2025, the United States enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill Act. Included in this legislation are provisions that allow for the immediate expensing of domestic research and development and certain capital expenditures, as well as other changes related to the taxation of profits derived from foreign operations. We recorded a $ 65 million net tax benefit in 2025 related to the effects of this Act.

eBay Inc.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)

Note 15 — Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

The following tables summarize the changes in AOCI for the periods indicated (in millions):

The following table summarizes reclassifications out of AOCI for the periods indicated (in millions):

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

* Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished.

+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 19, 2026.

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jamie Iannone, Peggy Alford, Rebecca Spencer and Samantha Wellington and each or any one of them, each with the power of substitution, his or her attorney-in-fact, to sign any amendments to this report, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 19, 2026.

Additional Directors
