Item 3. Legal Proceedings.

Incorporated by reference to Note 7 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not Applicable.

Information about our Executive Officers

As of February 12, 2026, the following serve as Baxter’s executive officers:

Andrew Hider , age 49, is President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Baxter. He was appointed on August 19, 2025. Additionally, he was appointed as our Interim Group President, Medical Products & Therapies, in October 2025 and served in that interim capacity until December 2025. Before joining Baxter, he served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of ATS Corporation, roles which he has held since March 2017 and May 2017, respectively. Previously, Mr. Hider served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Taylor Made Group, LLC, from May 2016 to February 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Hider served for ten years at Danaher Corporation, working in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently serving as President of Veeder Root. Mr. Hider began his career with General Electric, serving in a number of areas including manufacturing, project management, procurement and finance. He currently serves on the board of directors of Tennant Company (NYSE: TNC).

Joel T. Grade, age 55, is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, a role in which he has served in since joining Baxter in 2023. Mr. Grade also served as our Interim Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Accounting Officer from September 2024 through February 2025. Mr. Grade joined Baxter following a 25-year career with Sysco Corporation (Sysco). He most recently served as Sysco’s Executive Vice President, Corporate Development from 2020 to 2023. His previous roles at Sysco included Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to 2020, Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, and Senior Vice President of foodservice operations. He currently serves as a member of Northwestern University-Kellogg School of Business Financial Network Advisory Board and the Dean’s External Advisory Board of the University of Wisconsin School of Business.

Reazur Rasul , age 49, is Executive Vice President and Group President, Healthcare Systems & Technologies. He was appointed to his current role in 2023 after serving as President of Front Line Care since 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Rasul served as General Manager for the Acute Therapies & Medication Delivery businesses from 2021 to 2022, and General Manager for the Acute Therapies business from 2017 to 2021. Before joining Baxter in 2017, he worked with Hewlett Packard Enterprise where he was Vice President and General Manager of the Global Cloud infrastructure business. Previously, he worked with GE Healthcare where he held several roles of increasing responsibility in business leadership and strategy, including General Manager of the Global Interventional Cardiology business. Mr. Rasul began his professional career with Toyota Motor Corporation and ultimately held multiple leadership positions in strategy, product development, and operations.

David S. Rosenbloom , age 66, is Executive Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Rosenbloom joined Baxter from McDermott Will & Schultz, formerly known as McDermott Will & Emery (McDermott), where he served as a partner for 24 years and Global Head of the Litigation Practice Group from 2017 to 2022. Prior to McDermott, he served for eight years in the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of Illinois. Mr. Rosenbloom is a member of the advisory counsel of the Digestive Health Institute.

Maria Cecilia Soriano , age 54, is Group President, Infusion Therapies & Technologies & Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Soriano was appointed to her current role in 2025 after serving as President, Infusion Therapies & Technologies since 2023. Prior to joining Baxter, Ms. Soriano served in increasing roles of responsibility at Becton Dickinson and Company, including as Global Vice President, General Manager, Microbiology from 2020 to 2023; U.S. Vice President, General Manager, Diabetes Care; Senior Vice President, Global Marketing and Strategy; and Vice

President, Strategic Marketing. Previously, she worked at Johnson & Johnson, the Coca Cola Company and Citibank, N.A. Ms. Soriano currently serves as a member of the board of directors of ScionHealth.

All executive officers hold office until their respective successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal.

PART II
