UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

For the fiscal year ended January 31 , 2025

OR

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number 001-35680

WORKDAY, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

6110 Stoneridge Mall Road

Pleasanton , California 94588

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

( 925 ) 951-9000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (“Securities Act”). Yes ý No ̈

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”). Yes ̈ No ý

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ý No ̈

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ý No ̈

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the fin ancial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ý

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting stock of the registrant as of July 31, 2024 (based on a closing price of $227.12 per share) held by non-affiliates was approximately $ 48.1 billion. As of March 7, 2025, there were approximately 215 million shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock, net of treasury stock, and 51 million shares of the registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (“Proxy Statement”), to be filed within 120 days of the registrant’s fiscal year ended January 31 , 2025 , are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-K.

PART I

As used in this report, the terms “ Workday, ” “ registrant, ” “ we, ” “ us, ” and “ our ” mean Workday, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise.

Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the year ended January 31, 2025 .

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to safe harbor protection under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future financial condition and operating results, business strategy and plans, and objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words “ believe, ” “ may, ” “ will, ” “ estimate, ” “ continue, ” “ anticipate, ” “ intend, ” “ expect, ” “ seek, ” “ plan, ” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations, beliefs, and projections about future events, conditions, and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, operating results, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, such as those arising from the impact of recent macroeconomic events, including increased tariffs, elevated inflation, and fluctuating interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as geopolitical instability and those described in the “ Risk Factors ” section, which we encourage you to read carefully. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make.

In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and potential changes in circumstances, the future events, conditions, and trends discussed in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied by the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you should not rely upon any forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activities, performance, or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by applicable law. If we do update any forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Overview

Workday is the AI platform that helps organizations manage their most important assets – their people and money. Workday provides more than 11,000 organizations with cloud solutions powered by artificial intelligence (“AI”) to help solve some of today’s most complex business challenges, including supporting and empowering their workforce, managing their finances and spend in an ever-changing environment, and planning for the unexpected.

We strive to make the world of work and business better, and hope to empower customers to do the same through an innovative suite of solutions with more than 70 million users under contract around the world and across industries – from emerging and medium-sized businesses to more than 60% of the Fortune 500. Central to our purpose is a set of core values – with our employees as number one – along with customer service, innovation, integrity, profitability, and fun. We believe that happy employees lead to happy customers, and we are committed to helping our customers adapt and thrive in this increasingly dynamic business environment.

As organizations face changing conditions, we believe the need for an intuitive, scalable, and secure platform that provides unified management of finances, people, suppliers, and planning is more important than ever. In fiscal 2025, we announced Workday Illuminate, the next generation of Workday AI, designed to help our customers accelerate manual tasks, assist their employees, and transform their business processes. Workday Illuminate is built into our platform, allowing us to rapidly deliver and sustain models that can solve countless business problems. As a result, Workday Illuminate helps deliver better employee experiences, increase productivity, improve operational efficiencies, and provide insights for faster, data-driven decision-making. To support our customers and help them continuously adapt how they manage their business and operations, Workday delivers weekly product updates in addition to major feature releases twice a year. Through this model, Workday customers are able to deliver and adopt innovations quickly and adapt at a time that fits their business needs. We sell our solutions worldwide primarily through direct sales by our field sales teams. We also offer professional services, as do our Workday Services Partners, to help customers deploy our solutions and continually adopt new capabilities.

In fiscal 2025, we announced several Workday Illuminate-powered capabilities that are expected to be generally available to customers in fiscal 2026, including a set of new role-based AI agents for recruiting, talent mobility, succession, and optimization, and a new Workday Assistant to help simplify common human resources (“HR”) and finance processes. Workday Wellness, another new Workday Illuminate-powered solution, will help provide companies with a real-time view into which benefits and wellness offerings their employees want and use and give AI-driven recommendations on how to improve their benefits programs. In February 2025, we announced additional role-based AI agents for contracts, payroll, financial auditing, and policy. We also announced the Workday Agent System of Record, which is designed to help our customers embrace agentic AI by providing a centralized system for managing, tracking, integrating, and optimizing AI agents that are built by Workday, the customer, or third parties. The Workday Agent System of Record and new role-based AI agents are currently in development and are expected to become available later in fiscal 2026.

Our Capabilities

Workday’s suite of enterprise cloud applications addresses the evolving needs of the C-suite across various industries and is designed to be open, extensible, and configurable, allowing integration with other applications and the ability for users and our partners to build custom applications. Workday offers Financial Management, Spend Management, Human Capital Management (“HCM”), Planning, and Analytics applications.

Financial Management: Solutions for the Office of the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”)

Workday helps organizations accelerate their journeys towards becoming truly digital finance organizations by giving them the tools they need to manage the strategic direction of their organizations while also supporting growth, profitability, and compliance and regulatory requirements. Workday’s suite of financial management applications, built on the Workday platform with Workday Illuminate at the core, helps enable CFOs to maintain accounting information; manage core financial processes such as payables and receivables; identify real-time financial, operational, and management insights; perform financial consolidation; reduce time-to-close; promote internal control and auditability; and achieve consistency across global finance operations. Our AI-powered capabilities for finance are designed to transform certain accounting, finance, and procurement processes by anticipating and streamlining common actions and workflows to help increase productivity.

Spend Management: Solutions for the Office of the CFO

Workday helps enable procurement professionals to support their businesses throughout the source-to-contract process, including a user experience designed for ease of use and collaboration. Workday offers a set of spend management solutions that help organizations streamline supplier selection and contract management, build and execute sourcing events, such as requests for proposals, and manage indirect spend. Additionally, Workday offers an expense management solution that provides users with flexible ways to submit and approve expenses, while providing leaders the ability to set controls and analyze spend.

Human Capital Management: Solutions for the Office of the Chief Human Resources Officer (“CHRO”)

Workday delivers HR solutions to help organizations build a skilled workforce, drive productivity, and create an engaging workplace. Workday’s suite of HCM applications allows organizations to manage the entire employee lifecycle – from recruitment to retirement – enabling HR teams to hire, onboard, pay, develop and reskill, and provide meaningful employee experiences that are personalized and helpful, based on listening to the diverse needs of today’s workforce. For example, we are helping organizations manage their total workforce in one seamless experience on Workday through our solutions, including Workday Adaptive Planning, Workday Illuminate-powered recruiting agent, Workday VNDLY, and Workday HCM.

Planning: Solutions for the Offices of the CFO and CHRO

In today’s dynamic environment, businesses need to continuously plan and model various scenarios to quickly respond to change. Workday provides an active planning process that can model across finance, workforce, sales, and operational data, helping organizations make more informed decisions and respond quickly to changing situations. Workday Illuminate assists in creating forecasts that incorporate historical and third-party data, such as economic data and labor statistics. When combined with Workday’s Financial Management and HCM solutions, organizations are able to leverage real-time transactional data to dynamically adjust and recalibrate their plans.

Analytics and Reporting and Workday Platform: Solutions for the Offices of the Chief Information Officer (“CIO”), CFO, and CHRO

Workday helps leaders make sense of the vast amount of data they collect enterprise-wide. For example, information technology (“IT”) leaders are navigating the complexities of supporting employees in new environments, which requires them to deploy an adaptable, secure architecture to help ensure global continuity and productivity while remaining agile. Workday provides applications for analytics and reporting, including augmented analytics to surface insights to the line of business in simple-to-understand stories. The Workday Platform combines both the innovation built by Workday and on Workday by our customers and partners, providing organizations with the flexibility to integrate third-party applications and services directly into Workday. By managing their people and money together on the Workday platform, our customers can gain new possibilities for increased agility, transformation, and performance.

Industries: Solutions for the Offices of the CIO, CFO, and CHRO

Workday offers businesses flexible solutions to help them adapt to their industry-specific needs and respond to change. Workday’s applications serve industries such as financial services, healthcare, higher education, state and local government, and professional services. For example, Workday provides supply chain and inventory solutions to healthcare organizations, allowing them to purchase, stock, track, and replenish their inventory to help support patient care. In addition, higher education institutions can deploy Workday’s solution to manage the end-to-end student and faculty lifecycle. Workday also enables its partner ecosystem to build industry-specific solutions. With Workday Extend, customers and their developers can build custom applications that can accommodate their unique industry business needs, complete with the same experience, security model, and reliability of the native applications offered by Workday.

Product Development

At Workday, innovation is a core value, which encourages out-of-the-box thinking and creativity, enabling us to create applications designed to change the way people work. We invest significant resources into product development and are committed to rapidly building and/or acquiring new applications and solutions. Our product development organization is responsible for product design, development, testing, and certification. We focus our efforts on developing new applications and core technologies, as well as further enhancing the usability, functionality, reliability, security, performance, and flexibility of existing applications. To grow our suite of Workday applications, we primarily invest in research and development, but we also selectively acquire companies that are consistent with our design principles, existing product set, corporate strategy, and company culture. For example, in fiscal 2025, we acquired HiredScore, Inc. (“HiredScore”), a leading provider of AI-powered talent orchestration solutions, and Evisort Inc. (“Evisort”), a provider of an AI-native document intelligence platform. We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments through Workday Ventures, our strategic investment arm. We invest primarily in enterprise cloud technology companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, developing innovative AI-powered technology, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive.

Sales and Marketing

We sell our subscription contracts and related services globally, primarily through our direct sales organization, which consists of field sales and field sales support personnel. The Workday Field Sales team is aligned by geography, industry, and/or customer size. We also segment our sales teams into two distinct groups: those focused on landing new customer relationships, and those focused on expanding our relationship within our existing customers. We generate customer leads, accelerate sales opportunities, and build brand awareness through our marketing programs and strategic relationships. Our marketing programs largely target senior business leaders, including CFOs, CHROs, and CIOs. We also generate customer leads and transact through our partner ecosystem, including through resellers.

Our sales strategy is focused on both adding new customers and on growing our relationships with our existing customers to expand the adoption of our suite of solutions over time. As our customers realize the benefits of our entire suite of service offerings, we aim to upgrade the customers’ experience with new products and features, and gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. Additionally, by extending our go-to-market capabilities globally, we aim to grow our business by selling to new customers in new regions.

Partner Ecosystem

As a core part of our strategy, we have developed and continue to grow a global ecosystem of partners that build and sell new applications on the Workday platform, source new business with Workday, and deliver quality services and customer outcomes with Workday. These relationships include innovation partners, sales partners, and services partners. Together, Workday and our partners help our customers to better manage their people and their money. The Workday Marketplace allows customers to find Built on Workday applications, Industry Accelerators, packaged solutions, and other integrations and solutions that are purpose-built to complement the Workday platform in targeted countries and industries. Strategic partnerships with public cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services, Inc. (“AWS”) and Google Cloud, allow our customers to reduce their committed spend on cloud. Our global partnerships with payroll providers, including Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (“ADP”) and Strada, enable integrated and streamlined payroll solutions across the world. Our Industry Accelerator program, including 12 new Industry Accelerators announced during fiscal 2025, combines Workday partners, solutions, and services to help speed cloud transformation efforts tailored to solve our customers’ industry-specific challenges.

Customers

We sell to emerging, medium-sized, and large global organizations that span numerous industry categories, including professional and business services, financial services, healthcare, education, government, technology, media, retail, and hospitality.

We have built a company culture centered around customer success and satisfaction. As part of their subscription, customers are provided support services and tools to enhance their experience with Workday applications. This includes 24/7 support; training; a Customer Success Management group to assist customers in production; and Workday Community, an online portal where customers can collaborate and share knowledge and best practices. In addition, we offer Workday Success Plans, a comprehensive, add-on subscription service that delivers continuous value for our customers through strategic advice, product expertise, adoption resources, on-demand education, and technical guidance. We also offer extensive customer training opportunities and a professional services ecosystem of experienced Workday consultants and system integrators to help customers achieve a timely adoption of Workday and enable them to enhance the value of our applications over the life of their subscription.

Seasonality

We have experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements for our services. Historically, we have signed a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as renewal agreements with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year due to customer buying patterns. Although these seasonal factors are common in the technology industry, historical patterns should not be considered a reliable indicator of our future sales activity or performance.

Competition

The overall market for enterprise application software is rapidly evolving, highly competitive, and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products. We currently compete with large, well-established, enterprise software vendors, such as Oracle Corporation (“ Oracle ”) and SAP SE (“SAP”). We also face competition from other enterprise software vendors, from regional competitors that only operate in certain geographic markets, from vendors of specific applications that address only one or a portion of our applications, and from vendors that specialize in specific industries in which we provide services, some of which offer cloud-based solutions. These vendors include, without limitation, Anaplan, Inc.; ADP; Coupa Software Inc.; Dayforce, Inc.; Infor, Inc.; Microsoft Corporation; and UKG Inc.

In addition, other cloud or AI platform companies that provide services in different target markets or industries may develop applications or acquire companies that operate in our target markets or industries, and some potential customers may elect to develop their own internal applications. However, the domain and industry expertise that is required for a successful solution in the areas of financial management, HCM, and analytics may inhibit new entrants, who may also be unable to invest the necessary capital to accurately address global requirements and regulations. We expect continued consolidation in our industry that could lead to significantly increased competition.

We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets include:

• level of customer satisfaction and quality of customer references;

• speed to deploy and ease of use;

• breadth and depth of application functionality;

• total cost of ownership and flexibility of payment terms;

• brand awareness and reputation;

• adaptive technology platform;

• capability for configuration, integration, security, scalability, and reliability of applications;

• operational excellence to ensure system availability, scalability, and performance;

• ability to innovate and rapidly respond to customer needs, such as the integration of AI into product offerings;

• domain and industry expertise in applicable laws and regulations;

• size of customer base and level of user adoption;

• customer confidence in financial stability and future viability;

• existing relationships with key senior business leaders; and

• ability to integrate with legacy enterprise infrastructure and third-party applications.

We believe that we compete favorably based on these factors. Our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on our ongoing performance in product development and customer support.

For more information regarding the competitive risks we face, see “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

Human Capital

Workday was founded with the idea of putting people at the center of enterprise software, which is why employees are our number one core value. As of January 31, 2025, our global workforce consisted of over 20,400 employees in 34 countries, of which approximately 63% were located in the U.S. and 37% were located internationally. These numbers do not reflect the impacts of our restructuring plan announced in February 2025 (“Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan”), which is currently expected to result in the reduction of approximately 8% of our workforce. Maintaining strong employee relations is a priority and we consider our relations with our employees to be positive.

Our Chief People Officer is responsible for developing and executing Workday’s human capital strategy, including programs focused on total rewards; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and wellbeing; and our inclusive, high-performance culture. Our Chief People Officer and our CEO regularly update our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee on human capital matters and seek their input on subjects such as succession planning, executive compensation, and our company-wide people programs.

Total Rewards

Our compensation philosophy is designed to establish and maintain a fair and flexible compensation program that attracts and rewards talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our near-term objectives, create long-term value for our stockholders, grow our business, and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. We believe that providing employees with competitive pay, ownership in the company, and a wide range of benefits is fundamental to employees feeling valued, motivated, and recognized for their contributions. Equity ownership is a key element of our compensation program, allowing employees to share in Workday’s successes and aligning the interests of our employees with our stockholders. Additionally, our total rewards package includes a cash bonus program, an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off, family leave, and other wellness programs. We also offer specialized benefits such as a holistic global mental and emotional health program, onsite and virtual healthcare resources, a financial wellness program, and support for fertility options and new parents, as well as reimbursement of adoption costs.

Our Commitment to Pay Parity

We believe that all employees deserve to be paid fairly and equitably and be afforded an equal chance to succeed. We have a market-based pay structure that compares our roles to those of our peers in each region. This process helps ensure we pay according to the market value of the jobs we offer. We also have processes in place to make pay decisions based on internally consistent and fair criteria. Each year, we conduct a company-wide pay equity analysis to help ensure pay equity among employees in similar roles. If we identify differences in pay, we research those differences and, where appropriate, make adjustments to employees’ pay.

VIBE: Value Inclusion, Belonging, and Equity for All

We strive to be a workplace where all employees are valued for their unique perspectives and where we collectively contribute to Workday’s success and innovation. Value Inclusion, Belonging, and Equity for all (“VIBE”) is our vision for cultivating an environment where all employees can thrive. Whether through creating resources and initiatives that enable and strengthen our culture, building inclusive products and technology, or hiring and developing great talent, we are building a vibrant workplace that fuels innovation and collaboration. Our 13 Employee Belonging Councils (“EBCs”) play an integral role in fostering a culture of VIBE. Our EBCs, including Families @ Workday, Black @ Workday, Military and Veterans at Workday, and Workday for People with Disabilities, among others, cultivate a culture of VIBE by providing spaces open to all employees to foster ideation, advance inclusion, and drive innovation. As of January 31, 2025, over a quarter of our employees were members of one or more EBC.

We acknowledge that skills, education, and lived and learned experiences are gained in a variety of ways that are often not recognized in the traditional recruiting process, which is why we take a holistic approach to talent acquisition that prioritizes a skills-based approach. By standardizing practices to attract and evaluate talent fairly, minimize barriers and biases, and promote a skills-first hiring approach, we aim to deliver a meaningful and positive experience for all.

Learning and Development

Our employees tell us they are most engaged when they are continuously being exposed to new things, empowered to build new skills, and able to make an impact. Our employees have instant access to training via several industry-leading learning platforms, which provide our global workforce with convenient, timely access to content from subject matter experts. We offer a number of educational resources, development opportunities, and a support community to guide employees throughout their Workday careers. For example, we developed Career Hub which helps our employees share skills and interests and receive relevant connections, curated learning content, and recommended jobs to help them on their career journeys. Using Workday Illuminate, Career Hub provides workers with suggestions to grow their skills and capabilities and encourages them to build a plan as they explore opportunities for continued career development.

Additionally, to foster a strong culture of compliance and ethics, we conduct annual compliance and ethics training of our Code of Conduct for all employees. In fiscal 2025, we had a 100% completion rate for our annual Code of Conduct training.

Communication and Engagement

Our culture and how we treat people are paramount at Workday, and we believe that being transparent and facilitating information sharing are key to our success. Workday leverages multiple communication channels to engage and inform employees, including company meetings, functional town halls, internal websites, and social collaboration tools. We also encourage regular 1:1 sessions and quarterly check-ins between managers and employees to provide individual performance feedback, and the use of our peer recognition platform. We believe that understanding what our employees want and supporting them effectively is critical to retaining our highest performing employees and attracting top talent. We use Workday Peakon Employee Voice, powered by Workday Illuminate, to collect and analyze feedback in real time from our employees, garner insights and recommendations, and turn that feedback into dialog and action. Since we introduced Workday Peakon Employee Voice in fiscal 2022, employees have provided over 600,000 confidential comments on the platform through weekly surveys and 91% of our employees have taken part in at least one survey, which reflects strong engagement by our employees. We receive data points from these surveys that help us identify actions to take to improve our company and our culture.

Buoyed by the opportunities offered by our own technology, our talent philosophy puts employees at the center of their own career and performance journey by providing them the tools and framework to further their careers. We have done this by establishing a clear philosophy and set of expectations. Every employee receives enablement on our performance and growth philosophy, what’s expected of them, and how to leverage these practices to ensure their own personal success and career growth at Workday. Our talent and performance dashboard provides a snapshot view of performance-related tasks, with a visual summary of goals, feedback, and growth opportunities. Employees can take action to update their contributions, capabilities, career, and connections using the quick links provided in the dashboard.

Health, Safety, and Wellbeing

At Workday, we take a holistic approach to our employees’ health and wellbeing and have created programs that focus on four core dimensions: Physical; Mental and Emotional; Financial; and Social and Flex. These programs go beyond traditional medical benefits and wellness offerings and allow employees to focus on their personal wellness goals as well as their mental health.

Our hybrid work model provides flexibility for our employees to work from home, while still bringing people together to foster collaboration and innovation. We offer new remote-based employees a stipend to enable them to have a comfortable work-from-home environment. To help keep health and mental wellness top of mind, we offer a series of programs and communications focused on mental health. These included tools and resources related to sleep, healthy eating, and mindfulness, as well as our Employee Assistance Program to, among other things, facilitate timely access to culturally responsive mental health support for employees and their family members.

Our Global Workplace Safety team supports the traditional corporate areas of employee health and safety and physical security for Workday on a global scale. From the workplace to work-related travel, we strive to keep our employees safe with programs including safety awareness training, emergency response protocols, and our ergonomics and life safety team programs.

Giving and Doing

Workday’s Giving & Doing program embodies our belief in making a positive impact beyond our organizational walls, empowering employees to engage in charitable efforts, community service, and volunteerism. On top of our strategic, company-led social impact and employee volunteerism efforts, we also believe that giving back is even more rewarding when people get to make an impact through their favorite causes. We encourage and support employee giving and volunteering through programs such as our charitable donation matching gift program, our volunteer grant program, our paid time off benefit for employees to volunteer and give back to their communities, and our team volunteer experience, where employee teams of five or more can volunteer with a charity partner of their choice and receive grants of up to $5,000.

Intellectual Property

We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, contractors, consultants, suppliers, partners, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control access to software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we rely on intellectual property rights, including trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as contractual protections and controls to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel; creation of new products, features, and functionality; and frequent enhancements to our applications are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position.

Governmental Regulation

As a public company with global operations, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, which may differ among jurisdictions, include, among others, those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, privacy and data protection, cybersecurity, intellectual property, AI ethics and machine learning, corporate governance, tax, government contracting, trade, antitrust, employment, immigration and travel, import/export, and anti-corruption. The costs to comply with these governmental regulations are not material to the understanding of our business. For a further discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

Available Information

Our website is located at www.workday.com and our investor relations website is located at www.investor.workday.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.workday.com/sec-filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Workday also uses its websites, including its investor relations website and blogs.workday.com as a means of disclosing information about Workday, including information that could be deemed material by investors. Information contained on or accessible through any website referenced herein is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of such website addresses is as inactive textual references only.

Workday, the Workday logo, Workday Illuminate, VIBE, Peakon, Evisort, HiredScore, VNDLY, and Adaptive Planning are trademarks of Workday, Inc., which may be registered in the United States and elsewhere. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that materially and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. The market price of our securities could decline due to the materialization of these or any other risks, and you could lose part or all of your investment.

Summary of Risk Factors

The following summary provides an overview of the material risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. This risk factor summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read these together with the more detailed discussion of risks set forth following this section, as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Additional risks beyond those summarized below, or discussed elsewhere in “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” may apply to our activities or operations as currently conducted or as we may conduct them in the future, or to the markets in which we currently operate or may in the future operate. Consistent with the foregoing, we are exposed to a variety of risks, including those associated with the following:

• any compromise of our information technology systems or security measures (including of our critical suppliers and service partners), or the unauthorized access of customer or user data;

• any slowdown or failure of our technical operations infrastructure, including our data centers and computing infrastructure operated by third parties, or the impact of service outages or delays in the deployment of our applications, or the failure of our applications to perform properly;

• privacy concerns and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations;

• the impact of continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility;

• any loss of key employees or the inability to attract, develop, and retain highly skilled employees;

• our ability to compete effectively in the intensely competitive markets in which we participate;

• our reliance on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues;

• exposure to risks inherent to sales to customers outside the United States or with international operations;

• any dissatisfaction of our users with the deployment, training, and support services provided by us and our partners;

• the fluctuation of our quarterly results;

• our ability to realize a return on our current development efforts or offer new features, enhancements, and modifications to our products and services, and our ability to realize a return on the investments we have made toward entering new markets and new lines of business;

• delays in the reflection of downturns or upturns in new sales in our operating results associated with long sales cycles and our subscription model;

• our ability to predict the rate of customer subscription renewals or adoptions;

• new and evolving technologies such as AI;

• any adverse litigation results;

• our ability to successfully integrate our applications with third-party technologies;

• our ability to realize the expected business or financial benefits of company, employee, or technology acquisitions;

• any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any lawsuits against us for alleged infringement of third-party proprietary rights;

• government contracts and related procurement regulations;

• our existing and future debt obligations; and

• the limited ability of third parties to influence corporate matters due to our dual class structure and to seek a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest due to Delaware law and provisions in our organizational documents.

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Any slowdown or failure in our technical operations infrastructure or applications may subject us to liabilities and adversely affect our reputation and operating results.

We have experienced significant growth in the number of users, transactions, and data that our operations infrastructure supports. If we do not accurately predict our infrastructure requirements or fail to adapt and scale, we may experience service outages or delays, or significant increases in operating costs, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.

We have experienced, and may in the future experience, defects, system disruptions, outages, and other performance problems, including the failure of our applications to perform properly. These problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including infrastructure and software or code changes, vendor issues, software and system defects, human error, viruses, worms, security attacks (internal and external), fraud, spikes in customer usage, and denial of service issues. All of these issues may result in increased operational costs, delays in new feature rollouts, customer loss, reputational damage, and legal or regulatory liability, including liability under customer contracts.

Such issues have, and may in the future, result in certain parties having unauthorized access to data, which could increase the scope of our liability. Because of the large amount of data that we collect and process in our systems, and the sensitive nature of such data, it is possible that these issues could result in significant disruption, data loss or corruption, or cause the data to be incomplete or contain inaccuracies that our customers and other users regard as significant.

Furthermore, our applications are essential to many of the business processes for our customers. For example, our financial management application is essential to our and our customers’ financial planning, reporting, and compliance programs. Any interruption in our service may affect the availability, accuracy, or timeliness of such programs and as a result could damage our reputation, cause our customers to terminate their use of our applications, require us to issue refunds for prepaid and unused subscription services, require us to compensate our customers for certain losses, and prevent us from gaining additional business from current or future customers. In addition, because we use Workday’s financial management application, any problems that we experience with financial reporting and compliance could be negatively perceived by prospective or current customers and negatively impact demand for our applications.

Our insurance policies, including our errors and omissions insurance, may be inadequate or may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all, to protect against claims and other legal actions arising from breaches of our contracts, disruptions in our service, including those caused by cybersecurity incidents, failures or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters, or otherwise. In addition, our policy may not cover all claims made against us and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly.

We depend on data centers and other infrastructure operated by third parties, as well as internet availability, and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our business and operating results.

We host our applications and serve our customers and users globally from data centers operated by third parties and rely upon third-party partners to operate certain aspects of our services. We control our applications and data, but we do not control the facilities, operations, and physical security of these locations. Disruption of or interference at these locations has and could in the future impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. For example, we have experienced disruptions at certain of our data centers in the U.S. due to high temperatures and power outages that resulted in a brief temporary outage of our services for a subset of our customers. These facilities may also be subject to cybersecurity breaches, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct, natural catastrophic events, as well as local administrative actions, changes to legal or permitting requirements, and litigation to stop, limit, or delay operations, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities.

Furthermore, our customers and other users access our applications through their internet service providers. If a service provider fails to provide sufficient capacity to support our applications or otherwise experiences service outages, such failure could interrupt our customers’ and other users’ access to our applications, which could adversely affect their perception of our applications’ reliability and our revenues. In addition, certain countries have implemented or may implement legislative and technological actions that either do or can effectively regulate access to the internet, including the ability of internet service providers to limit access to specific websites or content.

Any changes in third-party service levels at our hosted infrastructure providers, or any errors, defects, disruptions, or other performance problems with our applications or the infrastructure on which they run, including internet infrastructure, could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers’ or other users’ stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services might adversely affect our reputation and operating results, cause us to issue refunds or service credits to customers, subject us to potential liabilities, result in contract terminations, or adversely affect our renewal rates.

The extent to which the continuing global economic and geopolitical volatility, and any resulting effect on customer spending, will continue to impact our business, financial condition, and operating results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.

We operate on a global scale, and as a result, our business and revenues are impacted by global economic and geopolitical conditions. Global economic developments, including increased tariffs, geopolitical volatilities, downturns or recessions, political instability, and global health crises may negatively affect us or our ability to accurately forecast and plan our future business activity. In addition, volatile geopolitical situations have led and could lead to further economic disruption. Any sustained adverse impacts from these and other recent macroeconomic events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and earnings guidance that we may issue from time to time, which could have a material effect on the value of our Class A common stock.

Our future revenues rely on continued demand by existing customers and the acquisition of new customers who may be subject to economic hardship due to recent macroeconomic events, including concerns about inflation or the interest rate environment, and may delay or reduce their enterprise software spending to preserve capital and liquidity. In connection with recent macroeconomic events, we have experienced and may continue to experience delays in purchasing decisions from existing and prospective customers, increased demand for price concessions and delayed payment terms, and a reduction in customer demand. Our business, financial condition, and operating results may be negatively impacted in future periods due to the prolonged impacts of recent macroeconomic events, which may not be fully reflected in our operating results and overall financial performance until future periods.

To the extent recent macroeconomic events adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section.

We may lose key employees or be unable to attract, enable, and retain highly skilled employees.

Our success and future growth depend largely upon the continued services of our executive officers, other members of senior management, and other key employees. Effective February 1, 2024, the start of our fiscal 2025, in accordance with an established succession plan, Aneel Bhusri stepped down from his role as Co-CEO and assumed the role of Executive Chair, and Carl Eschenbach, formerly Co-CEO alongside Mr. Bhusri, assumed the role of sole CEO. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other key employees that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period, and they could terminate their employment with us at any time. Key employee changes have the potential to disrupt our business, impact our ability to preserve our culture, negatively affect our ability to attract and retain talent, or otherwise have a serious adverse effect on our business and operating results.

To execute our growth plan, we must attract, enable, develop, and retain highly qualified talent. Our ability to compete and succeed in a highly competitive environment is directly correlated to our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees, especially in the areas of product development, cybersecurity, senior sales executives, and engineers with significant experience in designing and developing software and internet-related services, including in AI. The expansion of our sales infrastructure, both domestically and internationally, is necessary to grow our customer base and business. Our business may be adversely affected if our efforts to attract and enable new members of our direct sales force do not generate a corresponding increase in revenues. We have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, significant competition in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications.

In February 2025, we announced the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan, which is intended to prioritize our investments and advance our growth and is currently expected to result in the reduction of approximately 8% of our workforce. We expect this plan to be substantially complete by the second quarter of fiscal 2026, subject to local law and consultation requirements. The Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan could negatively impact our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees.

We must also continue to retain, develop, and motivate existing employees through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development opportunities. Further, our current and future office environments and our current hybrid work policy may not meet the expectations of our employees or prospective employees, and may amplify challenges in recruiting and retention. We believe that a critical component of our success has been our corporate culture and our core values. As we continue to grow and change, we may find it difficult to maintain our corporate culture among a larger number of employees who are dispersed throughout various geographic regions, including managing the complexities of communicating with all employees. Efforts to restructure our workforce, such as the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan, may be disruptive and adversely impact employee morale or our corporate culture. Failure to maintain or adapt our culture could negatively affect our ability to attract new employees or to retain our current employees and our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected.

The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected.

The markets for enterprise cloud applications, including AI-powered solutions, are highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry for some applications or services. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater name recognition, significantly longer operating histories, access to larger customer bases, larger marketing budgets, and significantly greater resources to devote to the development, promotion, and sale of their products and services than we do. This may allow our competitors to respond more effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions.

Our primary competitors are Oracle and SAP, well-established providers of financial management and HCM applications, which have long-standing relationships with customers and partners. Some customers may be hesitant to switch vendors or to adopt cloud applications such as ours and may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. We also face competition from other enterprise software vendors, from regional competitors that only operate in certain geographic markets, and from vendors of specific applications that address only one or a portion of our applications, some of which offer cloud-based or AI-powered solutions. These vendors include, without limitation: Anaplan, Inc., ADP, Coupa Software Inc., Dayforce, Inc., Infor, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, and UKG Inc. In order to take advantage of customer demand for cloud and AI-powered applications, legacy vendors are expanding their cloud or AI-powered applications through acquisitions, strategic alliances, and organic development. In addition, other cloud or AI platform companies that provide services in different target markets or industries may develop applications or acquire companies that operate in our target markets or industries, and some potential customers may elect to develop their own internal applications. As the market matures and as existing and new market participants introduce new types of technologies, such as generative and agentic AI, and different approaches that enable organizations to address their HCM and financial needs, we expect this competition to intensify in the future.

Furthermore, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by, or merge with, third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their offerings or resources. Many of our competitors also have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators, and resellers and such partners may prefer to maintain their existing relationships with competitors. With the introduction of new technologies, such as generative AI, we expect competition to intensify in the future. If our competitors’ products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our products, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, then our revenues could be adversely affected. In addition, our competitors may offer their products and services at a lower price, or may offer price concessions, delayed payment terms, financing terms, or other terms and conditions that are more enticing to potential customers. Due to the complex nature of implementing financial management solutions, the lifecycle of the contracts for such solutions tends to be long. Therefore, if we lose a current customer to a competitor or fail to secure a prospective customer for financials management solutions, there is a long duration before we will be able to approach that customer again with our sales efforts for such solutions. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

We rely on our network of partners to drive additional growth of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be impacted, and our operating results and growth rate may be harmed.

Our strategy for additional growth depends, in part, on sales generated through our network of partners and professional services provided by our partners. If the operations of these partners are disrupted, including as a direct or indirect result of recent macroeconomic conditions, our own operations may suffer, which could adversely impact our operating results. Identifying partners, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources, and we cannot ensure that these partnerships will result in increased customer adoption or usage of our applications or increased revenue. We may be at a disadvantage if our competitors are effective in providing incentives to our current or potential partners to favor their products or services or to prevent or reduce subscriptions to our services, or in negotiating better rates or terms with such partners, particularly in international markets where our potential partners may have existing relationships with our competitors. In addition, acquisitions of our partners by our competitors could end our strategic relationship with such acquired partner and result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential customers.

Our partner training and educational programs may not be effective or utilized consistently by partners. New partners may require extensive training and/or may require significant time and resources to achieve productivity. Changes to our direct go-to-market models may cause friction with our partners and may increase the risk in our partner ecosystem. The actions of our partners may subject us to lawsuits, potential liability, and reputational harm if, for example, any of our partners misrepresent the functionality of our products to customers, fail to perform services to our customers’ expectations, or violate laws or our corporate policies. In addition, our partners may utilize our platform to develop products and services that could potentially compete with products and services that we offer currently or in the future. Concerns over competitive matters or intellectual property ownership could constrain these partnerships. If we fail to effectively manage and grow our network of partners, maintain good relationships with our partners, or properly monitor the quality and efficacy of their service delivery, or if our partners do not effectively market and sell our subscription services, use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or services or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs or expectations of our customers, our ability to sell our products and efficiently provide our services may be impacted, and our operating results and growth rate may be harmed.

Sales to customers outside the United States or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in global operations.

The growth of our business and future prospects depends on our ability to increase our sales outside of the United States as a percentage of our total revenues. Operating globally requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the United States. Our investments and efforts to further expand internationally may not be successful in creating additional demand for our applications outside of the United States or in effectively selling subscriptions to our applications in all of the markets we enter. Risks associated with doing business on a global scale that could adversely affect our business, include:

• the need to develop, localize, and adapt our applications and customer support for specific countries;

• the need to successfully develop and execute on a localized go-to-market strategy;

• the need to adhere to local laws and regulations, including those related to data localization, privacy, and anti-corruption;

• difficulties in appropriately staffing and managing foreign operations and providing appropriate compensation for local markets;

• difficulties in leveraging executive presence and maintaining company culture globally;

• different pricing environments, longer sales cycles, and longer trade receivables payment cycles, and collections issues;

• new and different sources of competition;

• potentially weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights;

• laws, customs, and business practices favoring local competitors;

• restrictive governmental actions focused on cross-border trade, such as import and export restrictions, duties, quotas, tariffs, trade disputes, and barriers or sanctions, that may prevent us from offering certain portions of our products or services to a particular market, may increase our operating costs or may subject us to monetary fines or penalties;

• compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting, and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy, intellectual property, financial services, AI, and data protection laws and regulations;

• increased compliance costs related to government regulatory reviews or audits, including those related to international cybersecurity and environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) requirements;

• increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities;

• the effects of currency fluctuations on our revenues and expenses and customer demand for our services;

• restrictions on the transfer of funds;

• adverse tax consequences and tax rulings; and

• unstable economic and political conditions.

Certain of the above factors have and may continue to negatively impact our ability to sell our applications and offer services globally, reduce our competitive position in foreign markets, increase our costs of global operations, reduce demand for our applications and services from global customers, or subject us to legal or regulatory liability. Additionally, the majority of our international costs are denominated in local currencies and we anticipate that over time an increasing portion of our sales contracts may be outside the U.S. and will therefore be denominated in local currencies. Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, which may be amplified by macroeconomic events, may impact our operating results when translated into U.S. dollars. Such fluctuations may also impact our ability to predict our future results accurately. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.

Our business could be adversely affected if our users are not satisfied with the deployment, training, and support services provided by us and our partners.

Implementation of our applications may be technically complicated because they are designed to enable complex and varied business processes across large organizations, integrate data from a broad and complex range of workflows and systems, and may involve deployment in a variety of environments. Incorrect or improper implementation or use of our applications could result in customer and user dissatisfaction and harm our business and operating results.

In order for our customers to successfully implement our applications, they need access to highly skilled and trained service professionals. Third parties provide a majority of deployment services for our customers, but professional services may also be performed by our own staff or by a combination of the two. If customers are not satisfied with the quality and timing of work performed by us or a third party or with the type of professional services or applications delivered, or if we or a third party have not delivered on commitments made to our customers, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the revenue recognition of the contract could be impacted, and the dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to expand the applications subscribed to by our customers. Negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers both domestic and abroad.

Customers and other users also depend on our support organization to provision the environments used by our customers and to resolve technical issues relating to our applications. Increased demand for these services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. Failure to maintain high-quality technical support and training, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support or training, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to offer and sell our applications, our renewal rates, and our business and operating results.

Our future success depends on the rate of customer subscription renewals, and our revenues or operating results could be adversely impacted if we do not achieve renewals at expected rates or on anticipated terms.

Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our applications after the expiration of either the initial or renewed subscription period. Our customers’ renewal rates fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our applications and pricing, their awareness and adoption of the benefits and features of our applications, their ability to continue their operations and spending levels, reductions in their headcount, and the evolution of their business. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our applications on similar pricing terms or renew for fewer elements of our applications, our revenues may decline, and we may not be able to meet our revenue projections, which could negatively impact our business and the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our future success also depends, in part, on our ability to sell additional products to our current customers, and the success rate of such endeavors is difficult to predict, especially with regard to any new lines of business that we may introduce from time to time. This has and may continue to require increasingly costly marketing and sales efforts that are targeted at senior management, and if these efforts are not successful, our business and operating results may suffer. Additionally, acquisitions of our customers by other companies have led, and could continue to lead, to cancellation of our contracts with those customers, thereby reducing the number of our existing and potential customers.

The use of new and evolving technologies in our offerings at Workday, including AI, may result in reputational harm and increased litigation, and adversely affect our operating results.

We are increasingly building AI into the Workday product suite and have recently made announcements about our plans to embrace agentic AI. As with many cutting-edge innovations, these technologies can present new risks and challenges. A quickly evolving technical, legal, and regulatory environment may cause us to incur increased research and development costs, or divert resources from other development efforts, to address ethical, legal, operational, or compliance requirements or other issues related to AI. For example, the European Union’s (“EU”) AI Act (“EU AI Act”) puts new requirements on providers of AI technologies and we are currently analyzing the EU AI Act to ensure compliance in alignment with various deadlines in the coming years. Additionally, existing laws and regulations may apply to us in new ways, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict and subject to change over time. The risks and challenges presented by these technologies could undermine public confidence in AI, which could slow its adoption and affect our business. Many of our products are powered by AI, some of which include the use of large language models and generative AI, for use cases that could potentially impact human, civil, privacy, or employment rights and dignities. To the extent that our products and technologies rely on the use of large language models provided by third parties, we may face additional uncertainties and liabilities. Any failure to accurately identify and address our responsibilities and liabilities in this uncertain environment, and adequately address relevant ethical and social issues that may arise with such technologies and use cases, as well as failure by others in our industry, or actions taken by our customers, employees, or end users (including misuse of these technologies), could negatively affect the adoption of our offerings and subject us to reputational harm, regulatory action, or litigation, which may harm our financial condition and operating results. We already are defending against a lawsuit alleging that our products and services enable discrimination, and although we believe that such claims lack merit, and the majority of the claims have been dismissed, legal proceedings can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations and customers (particularly where, as in the present litigation, the plaintiff may seek to also litigate against certain of Workday’s customers). We may be subject to other litigation and regulatory actions that may cause financial, competitive, and developmental impacts, and could lead to legal liability. In addition, regardless of outcome, these types of claims could cause reputational harm to our brand, including our ability to sell newly acquired products that use AI. Our employees, customers, or customers’ employees who are dissatisfied with our public statements, policies, practices, or solutions related to the development and use of AI may express opinions that could introduce reputational or business harm, or cease their relationship with us.

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business.

Our quarterly operating results, including our revenues, subscription revenue backlog, operating margin, profitability, and cash flow, may vary significantly in the future and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Additionally, we typically sign a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers as well as renewal agreements with existing customers in the fourth quarter of each year, and this year-over-year compounding effect in billing patterns causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year.

Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, including the risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. The extent to which recent macroeconomic events could continue to impact our operating results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Fluctuations in our quarterly results and related impacts to any earnings guidance we may issue from time to time, including any modification or withdrawal thereof, may negatively impact the value of our securities.

If we are not able to realize a return on our current development efforts or offer new features, enhancements, and modifications to our services that are desired by current or potential customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

Developing software applications and related enhancements, features, and modifications, including those involving AI, is expensive, and the investment in product development often involves a long return on investment cycle. Accelerated application introductions and short application life cycles require high levels of expenditures that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by revenue increases, and we believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts to maintain our competitive position. However, we may not receive significant revenues from these investments for several years, if at all. If we are unable to provide new features, enhancements to user experience, and modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner that achieve market acceptance, align with customer expectations, and that keep pace with rapid technological developments and changing regulatory landscapes, it may negatively impact our customer renewal rates, limit the market for our solutions, or impair our ability to attract new customers and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. For example, AI is propelling advancements in technology, but if we fail to innovate and keep up with advancements in AI technology, if Workday Illuminate solutions fail to be delivered as planned or at all, fail to operate as expected or to meet customer expectations, or if we do not have sufficient access to development resources and the technologies required to build and improve our applications, our business and reputation may be harmed.

If we fail to develop and maintain widespread positive awareness of our brand, our business may suffer.

We believe that developing and maintaining widespread positive awareness of our brand is critical to our growth. However, brand promotion activities may not generate the awareness or increased revenues we anticipate, and even if they do, any increase in revenues may not offset the significant expenses we incur in building our brand.

If we fail to successfully promote and maintain positive awareness of our brand, or we fail to expand positive awareness of our newer solutions or products, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, or to achieve the widespread positive brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption of our applications and for the end user experience. We have and may continue to experience reputational harm from, among other things, the introduction of new products, features, or services that do not meet customer expectations; our use of new and evolving technologies, including AI; service outages or disruptions; issues with product quality or performance; backlash from customers, government entities, or other stakeholders that disagree with our product offering decisions or public policy, ethical, or political positions; significant litigation or regulatory actions that negatively reflect on our business practices; and data security breaches or compliance failures. Any unfavorable publicity or perception of our brand or our applications, including any unfavorable candidate or end user experience, could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers and also make it more difficult to hire and retain employees.

If we are unable to successfully integrate our applications with a variety of third-party technologies, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

We depend on relationships with third-party technology and content providers and other key suppliers, and are also dependent on third parties for the license of certain software and development tools that are incorporated into or used with our applications or used to help improve our own internal systems, processes, or controls. For example, we leverage software and services for development tools and to deliver applications from many third-party suppliers including AWS and Google Cloud. If the operations of these third parties are disrupted, our own operations may suffer, which could adversely impact our operating results. Additionally, if we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, or if the quality of their products or performance is inadequate, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired and our operating results may suffer.

To the extent that our applications depend upon the successful integration and operation of third-party software in conjunction with our software, any undetected errors or defects in this third-party software, as well as cybersecurity threats or attacks related to such software could prevent the deployment or impair the functionality of our applications, delay new application introductions, result in a failure of our applications, result in increased costs, including warranty and other related claims from customers, and injure our reputation.

As Workday Mobile becomes increasingly important to Workday’s customer experience, we also need to continuously modify and enhance our applications to keep pace with changes in third-party internet-related hardware, iOS, Android, other mobile-related operating systems, platforms, and technologies, and other third-party software, communication, browser, and database technologies, as well as with customer expectations. Any failure of our applications to operate effectively with future network platforms and other third-party technologies, or changes in such technologies that degrade the functionality of our products or give preferential treatment to competitive services, could reduce the demand for our applications, result in customer and end user dissatisfaction, and adversely affect our business and operating results.

We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other companies, employee teams, or technologies, which could divert our management’s attention, result in additional indebtedness or dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results.

We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, other companies, employee teams, or technologies to complement or expand our applications, enhance our technical capabilities, obtain personnel, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of acquisitions may divert the attention of management, disrupt ongoing business, and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated.

These impacts may continue through integration activities. Moreover, we may be unable to complete proposed transactions timely or at all due to a failure to obtain any necessary funding to complete an acquisition in a timely manner or on favorable terms, the failure to obtain required regulatory or other approvals, litigation, or other disputes, which may obligate us to pay a termination fee. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from an acquisition due to a number of factors, including:

• inability or difficulty integrating the intellectual property, technology infrastructure, and operations of the acquired business, including difficulty in addressing security risks of the acquired business;

• inability to retain key personnel or challenges in integrating the workforce from the acquired company, including the inability to maintain our culture and values;

• acquisition-related costs, liabilities, or tax impacts, some of which may be unanticipated;

• difficulty in leveraging the data of the acquired business if it includes personal data;

• a failure to maintain the information systems of an acquired business, which could increase the risk of a security breach of such system;

• a failure to implement, restore, or maintain controls, procedures, or policies at the acquired company and an increased risk of non-compliance;

• multiple product lines or service offerings as a result of our acquisitions that are offered, priced, and supported differently, as well as the potential for such acquired product lines and service offerings to impact the profitability of existing products;

• the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from other products, services, and strategic initiatives;

• difficulties and additional expenses associated with synchronizing product offerings, customer relationships, and contract portfolio terms and conditions between Workday and the acquired business;

• unknown liabilities or risks associated with the acquired businesses, including those arising from existing contractual obligations or litigation matters;

• adverse effects on our brand or existing business relationships with business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition, including integrating acquired technologies and a delay in market acceptance of and difficulty in transitioning new and existing customers to acquired product lines or services;

• risks and challenges presented by the use of innovative technologies that we acquire, such as AI;

• potential write-offs of acquired assets and potential financial and credit risks associated with acquired customers;

• inability to maintain relationships with key customers, suppliers, and partners of the acquired business;

• difficulty in predicting and controlling the effect of integrating multiple acquisitions concurrently;

• lack of experience in new markets, products, or technologies;

• difficulty in integrating operations and assets of an acquired foreign entity with differences in language, culture, or country-specific currency and regulatory risks;

• the inability to obtain (or a material delay in obtaining) regulatory approvals necessary to complete transactions or to integrate operations, or potential remedies imposed by regulatory authorities as a condition to or following the completion of a transaction, which may include divestitures, ownership or operational restrictions or other structural or behavioral remedies; and

• the failure of strategic acquisitions to perform as expected or to meet financial projections, which may be heightened due to recent macroeconomic events and market volatility.

In addition, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our operating results. Moreover, we may experience additional or unexpected changes in how we are required to account for our acquisitions pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), including arrangements that we may assume in an acquisition.

Acquisitions could also result in use of substantial portions of our available cash, which may limit other potential uses of cash, and dilutive issuances of equity securities or the issuance of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. If we finance acquisitions by issuing debt, we could face constraints related to the terms of and repayment obligation related to the incurrence of such indebtedness. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition, and operating results may suffer.

If we are not able to realize a return on the investments we have made toward entering new markets and new lines of business, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

We continue to seek opportunities to enter into new markets and/or new lines of business, some of which we may have very limited or no experience in. As an entrant to new markets and new lines of business, we may not be effective in convincing prospective customers that our solutions will address their needs, and we may not accurately estimate our infrastructure needs, human resource requirements, or operating expenses with regard to these new markets and new lines of business. We may also fail to accurately anticipate adoption rates of these new lines of business or their underlying technology. Also, we may not be able to properly price our solutions in these new markets, which could negatively affect our ability to sell to customers. Furthermore, customers in these new markets or of the new lines of business may demand more features and professional services, which may require us to devote even greater research and development, sales, support, and professional services resources to such customers. If we fail to generate adequate revenues from these new markets and lines of business, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

Catastrophic or climate-related events may disrupt our business.

Our corporate headquarters are located in Pleasanton, California, and we have data centers and partner with public cloud service providers located in the United States and Europe. The west coast of the United States contains active earthquake zones and the southeast is subject to seasonal hurricanes or other extreme weather conditions. Additionally, we rely on internal technology systems, our website, our network, and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, which are located in a wide variety of regions, for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services, and sales activities. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or a catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, civil unrest, cyber-attack, geopolitical instability, war, terrorist attack, insurrection, pandemics or other public health emergencies, or the effects of climate change (such as drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires, increased storm severity, and sea level rise), we may be unable to continue our operations and have, and may in the future, endure system interruptions, and may experience delays in our product development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data, all of which could cause reputational harm or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. In addition, the impacts of climate change on the global economy and our industry are rapidly evolving. We may be subject to increased regulations, reporting requirements, standards, or stakeholder expectations regarding climate change that may impact our business, financial condition, and operating results.

Our aspirations and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.

The positions we take on ESG matters, human capital management initiatives, and ethical issues from time to time may impact our brand, reputation, or ability to attract or retain customers. In particular, our brand and reputation are associated with our public commitments to environmental sustainability (including our science-based targets), strong corporate governance practices, equality, inclusivity, and ethical use, and any perceived changes in our dedication to these commitments could impact our relationships with potential and current customers, employees, stockholders, and other stakeholders. These commitments reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance, and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community as well as enforcement authorities.

Our ability to achieve any ESG objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include:

• the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources;

• the evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards or disclosures;

• the ability of suppliers to meet our sustainability and other ESG standards;

• our ability to recruit, develop, and retain diverse talent in our global labor markets;

• the availability and cost of high-quality verified emissions reductions and renewable energy credits; and

• the ability to renew existing or execute on new virtual power purchase agreements.

Standards for tracking and reporting ESG matters continue to evolve. In addition, our processes and controls may not always comply with evolving standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required of public companies by the SEC or other regulatory bodies, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. It is likely that increasing regulatory requirements and regulatory scrutiny related to ESG matters will continue to expand globally and result in higher associated compliance costs. Further, we may rely on data and calculations provided by third parties to measure and report our ESG metrics and if the data input or calculations are incorrect or incomplete, our brand, reputation, and financial performance may be adversely affected.

If our ESG practices do not align with or meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquirer, or service provider could be negatively impacted. For example, an increasing number of stakeholders, regulators, and lawmakers have expressed or pursued contrary views towards ESG initiatives, including the proposal or enactment of “anti-ESG” policies, legislation, executive orders, or initiatives or the issuance of related legal opinions. Conflicting regulations and a lack of harmonization of ESG legal and regulatory environments across the jurisdictions in which we operate may create enhanced compliance risks and costs. We may also face increasing scrutiny from our investors, customers, employees, and other stakeholders relating to the appropriate role of ESG practices and disclosure. Further, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards on a timely basis, or at all, could have similar negative impacts or expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Data Privacy, and Intellectual Property

If our information technology systems are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or user data is otherwise obtained, our applications may be perceived as not being secure, our operations may be disrupted, our applications may become unavailable, customers and end users may reduce the use of or stop using our applications, and we may incur significant liabilities.

Our applications involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ and other users’ sensitive and proprietary information, including personal or identifying information regarding our customers, their employees, job candidates, customers, prospects, and suppliers, as well as financial, accounting, health, and payroll data. Additionally, our operations and the availability of the services we provide also depend on our information technology systems. As a result, a compromise of our applications or systems, or unauthorized access to, acquisition, use, tampering, release, alteration, theft, loss, or destruction of sensitive data, or unavailability of data or our applications, has and could disrupt our operations or impact the availability or performance of our applications; expose us and our customers to regulatory obligations and enforcement actions, litigation, investigations, remediation and indemnity obligations, or supplemental disclosure obligations; damage our reputation and brand; or result in loss of customer, consumer, and partner confidence in the security of our applications, an increase in our insurance premiums, suspension or loss of authorization under the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (“FedRAMP”) or other authorizations, impairment to our business, and other potential liabilities or related fees, expenses, or loss of revenues.

The financial and personnel resources we employ to implement and maintain security measures, including our information security risk insurance policy, may not be sufficient to address our security needs. The security measures we have in place vary in maturity across the organization and may not be sufficient to protect against security risks, preserve our operations and services and the integrity of customer and personal information, and prevent data loss, misappropriation, and other security breaches. Our logging may also not be sufficient to fully investigate the scope of an incident. Our information systems may be compromised by computer hackers, employees, contractors, or vendors, as well as software bugs, human error, technical malfunctions, or other malfeasance.

Cybersecurity threats and attacks are often targeted at companies such as ours and may take a variety of forms ranging from individuals or groups of security researchers, including those who appear to offer a solution to a vulnerability in exchange for some compensation, and insiders, to sophisticated hacker organizations, including state-sponsored actors who may launch coordinated attacks, such as retaliatory cyber-attacks stemming from the Russia-Ukraine conflict or attacks motivated by the type of data that is processed by our customers, including our public sector customers, on our platform. In the normal course of business, we are and have been the target of malicious cyber-attack attempts and have experienced other security events. As our market presence grows, we face increased risks of cybersecurity attack or other security threats. Additionally, as AI technologies, including generative AI models, develop rapidly, threat actors are using these technologies to create sophisticated new attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted, and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. Key cybersecurity risks range from viruses, worms, ransomware, and other malicious software programs, to phishing attacks, to fraud, to credential theft or abuse, to exploitation of software bugs or other defects, to targeted attacks against cloud services and other hosted software, to exploitation of unmanaged software or systems, any of which can result in a compromise of our applications or systems and the data we store or process, disclosure of Workday confidential information and intellectual property, production downtimes, reputational harm, and an increase in costs to the business. As the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and often are not identified until they are launched against a target, and because evidence of unauthorized activity may not have been captured or retained, or may be proactively destroyed by unauthorized actors, we may be unable to anticipate these attacks, assess the true impact they may have on our business and operations, or to implement adequate preventative measures. Future cyber-attacks and other security events may have a significant or material impact on our business and operating results.

There may also continue to be attacks targeting any vulnerabilities in our applications, internally built infrastructure, enhancements, and updates to our existing offerings, or in the many different underlying networks and services that power the internet that our products depend on, most of which are not under our control or the control of our vendors, partners, or customers. Systems and processes designed to protect our applications, systems, software, and data, as well as customer data and other user data, and to prevent data loss and detect security breaches, may not be effective against all cybersecurity threats or perceived threats. We have been subject to such incidents, including through third-party service providers and in connection with acquisitions we have made. In addition, our software development practices have not and may not identify all potential privacy or security issues, and inadvertent disclosures of data have occurred and may occur again.

Additionally, remote work and resource access, including our hybrid work model, has and may continue to result in an increased risk of cybersecurity-related events such as phishing attacks, exploitation of any cybersecurity flaws that may exist, an increase in the number cybersecurity threats or attacks, and other security challenges as a result of our employees and our service providers continuing to work remotely from non-corporate managed networks.

Furthermore, we have acquired or partnered with a number of companies, products, services, and technologies over the years, and incorporated third-party products, services, and technologies into our own products and services. Addressing security issues associated with acquisitions, partnerships, incorporated technologies, and our supply chain requires significant resources, and we have inherited and may in the future inherit additional risks upon integration with or use by Workday. In addition, if a high-profile security breach occurs with respect to an industry peer, our customers and potential customers may generally lose trust in the security of financial management, spend management, human capital management, planning, or analytics applications, or in cloud applications for enterprises in general. Any or all of these issues could negatively affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect to terminate or not renew their subscriptions, result in reputational damage, cause us to pay remediation and indemnity costs and/or issue service credits or refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscription services, or result in lawsuits, regulatory fines, or other action or liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

We rely on sophisticated information systems and technology, including those provided by third parties, for the secure collection, processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and personal information, and to support our business operations and the availability of our applications. In the past several years, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity. As we are both a provider and consumer of information systems and technology, we are at higher risk of being impacted either directly or indirectly by these attacks. The control systems, cybersecurity program, infrastructure, physical facilities of, and personnel associated with third parties that we rely on or partner with are beyond our control. Our customers may authorize third-party technology providers to access their customer data and any unauthorized use of the third-party technology may result in unauthorized access to such data. The audits we periodically conduct of some of our third-party vendors do not guarantee the security of and may be unable to prevent security events impacting the information technology systems of third parties that are part of our supply chain or that provide valuable services to us, which have resulted and could result in the unauthorized access to data of Workday, our employees, our customers, our third-party partners, or other end users; acquisition, destruction, alteration, use, tampering, release, unavailability, theft or loss of confidential, proprietary, or personal data of Workday, our employees, our customers, our third party partners, or other end users; or the disruption of our operations and our ability to conduct our business or the availability of our applications; or could otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, or reputation.

Privacy concerns, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer, and other domestic or foreign laws and regulations may reduce the adoption of our applications, result in significant costs and compliance challenges, and adversely affect our business and operating results.

Legal requirements related to collecting, storing, handling, retaining, and transferring (collectively, “processing”) personal data are rapidly evolving at both the national and international level in ways that require our business to adapt to support customer compliance. As the complexity of our products grow, the regulatory focus on privacy intensifies worldwide, and jurisdictions increasingly consider and adopt privacy laws, the risks related to processing personal data by our business also grow. In addition, possible adverse interpretations of existing privacy-related laws and regulations by governments in countries where our customers operate, as well as the potential implementation of new legislation, could impose significant obligations in areas affecting our business or prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions where we operate.

Following the EU’s passage of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, the global data privacy compliance landscape has grown increasingly complex, fragmented, and financially relevant to business operations. As a result, our data processing creates current and prospective risks related to increased regulatory compliance costs, government enforcement actions and/or financial penalties for non-compliance, and reputational harm. For example, a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) is in place under which EU data can legally be transferred to the United States. However, it is expected to face legal challenges. Until challenges to the DPF make their way through the court system, uncertainty may continue about the legal requirements for transferring customer personal data to and from Europe, an integral process of our business that remains governed by, and subject to, GDPR requirements. Failure to comply with the GDPR data processing requirements by either ourselves or our subcontractors could lead to regulatory enforcement actions, which can result in monetary penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue, private lawsuits, reputational damage, and loss of customers. Other countries such as Russia, China, and India have also passed laws imposing varying degrees of restrictive data residency requirements. Regulatory developments in the United States present additional risks. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) took effect on January 1, 2020, and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which expands upon the CCPA, came into effect on January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA give California consumers, including employees, certain rights similar to those provided by the GDPR, and also provide for statutory damages or fines on a per violation basis that could be very large depending on the severity of the violation. Numerous states have enacted, or are considering, privacy laws as well, creating a patchwork of state laws that may create compliance challenges. Furthermore, the U.S. Congress is considering numerous privacy bills, and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission continues to fine companies for unfair or deceptive data protection practices and may undertake its own privacy rulemaking exercise. In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy and other industry groups have established or may establish various new, additional, or different self-regulatory standards that customers may require us to adhere to and which may place additional burdens on us. Increasing sensitivity of individuals to unauthorized processing of personal data, whether real or perceived, and an increasingly uncertain trust climate has and may continue to create a negative public reaction to technologies, products, and services such as ours or otherwise expose us to liability.

Taken together, the costs of compliance with and other obligations imposed by data protection laws and regulations may require modification of our services, limit use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for noncompliance, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions, or otherwise cause us to modify our operations, any of which could harm our business. The data protection laws set forth requirements impacting how personal data must be stored, accessed, and deleted within the products. The perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit the adoption, effectiveness, or use of our applications or otherwise impact our business. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty competing with foreign-based firms which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights domestically and internationally could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.

Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers, partners, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We have patent applications pending in the United States and throughout the world, but we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, any patents issued to us in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties, including those affiliated with state-sponsored actors, to copy or reverse engineer our applications, including with the assistance of insiders, and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. Some license provisions protecting against unauthorized use, copying, transfer, and disclosure of our technology may be unenforceable under the laws of jurisdictions outside the United States. In addition, the laws of some countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.

We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with the parties with whom we have strategic relationships and business alliances. These agreements may not be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our applications and proprietary information. Further, these agreements do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our applications.

We may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our failure to secure, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights could have a serious adverse effect on our brand and business.

We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights.

There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our industry. From time to time, third parties may claim that our applications and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services, and we may be found to be infringing such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, require us to change our products, technology, or business practices, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, in connection with any such claim or litigation and to obtain licenses, modify applications, or refund fees, which could be costly. In addition, we may be sued by third parties who seek to target us for actions taken by our customers, including through the use or misuse of our products. Even if we were to prevail in an intellectual property dispute, any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Furthermore, from time to time we may introduce or acquire new products, including in areas where we historically have not competed, which could increase our exposure to patent and other intellectual property claims.

Our applications utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business.

Our applications include software covered by open source licenses, which may include, by way of example, GNU General Public License and the Apache License. Few terms used in open source licenses have been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our applications. We attempt to comply with all open source licensing conditions that apply to our use of open source software. By the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be impacted by an open source license, we could be required to publicly release portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, or otherwise be limited in the use or licensing of our technologies, which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies, products, and services. In addition, the license terms for certain previously open source software that we use have changed and the license terms for future versions of open source software that we use might change, requiring us to pay for a commercial license or re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies. In addition to risks related to open source license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with usage of open source software cannot be eliminated and could negatively affect our business.

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters

Unfavorable laws, regulations, interpretive positions, or standards governing new and evolving technologies that we incorporate into our products and services, including those involving AI uses, could result in significant cost and compliance challenges and adversely affect our business and operating results.

Many of our products and services currently utilize or will utilize new and evolving technologies such as AI. The overall regulatory environment governing these types of technologies is likely to evolve as government interest in these technologies increases. Regulation of these technologies, as well as other technologies that we utilize in our products and services, also varies greatly among international, federal, state, and local jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. Governments and agencies domestic and abroad may in the future change or amend existing laws, or adopt new laws, regulations, or guidance, or take other actions which may severely impact the permitted uses of our technologies. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied to Workday.

For example, the technologies underlying AI and its uses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those governing intellectual property, privacy, data protection cybersecurity, consumer protection, competition, and equal opportunity, and are expected to be subject to new laws and regulations or new applications of existing laws and regulations. AI is the subject of ongoing review by various U.S. governmental and regulatory agencies, and various U.S. states and other foreign jurisdictions are applying, or are considering applying, their cybersecurity, data protection, and product safety laws to AI and its uses or are considering general legal frameworks for AI and its uses, such as the EU AI Act.

Any failure by us to comply with applicable laws, regulations, guidance, or other rules could result in costly litigation, penalties, or fines. In addition, these regulations and any related enforcement actions could establish and further expand our obligations to customers, individuals, and other third parties with respect to our products and services, limit the countries in which such products and services may be used, restrict the way we structure and operate our business, require us to divert development and other resources, and reduce the types of customers and individuals who can use our products and services. Furthermore, our customers may operate in foreign jurisdictions, including countries in which we don’t operate, and may be subject to additional laws and regulations outside the scope of our products. Increased regulation and oversight of products or services which utilize or rely on these technologies may result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our operating costs, detrimentally affecting our business. These new technologies could subject us to additional litigation brought by private parties, which could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management and could result in substantial expenses and losses.

Adverse litigation results could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We are regularly involved with claims, suits, purported class or representative actions, and may be involved in regulatory and government investigations and other proceedings, involving competition, intellectual property, data security and privacy, bankruptcy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. Such claims, suits, actions, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings can impose a significant burden on management and employees, could prevent us from offering one or more of our applications, services, or features to others, could require us to change our technology or business practices, or could result in monetary damages, fines, civil or criminal penalties, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. The litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and management’s view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.

We are subject to risks related to government contracts and related procurement regulations, which may adversely impact our business and operating results.

Our contracts with federal, state, local, and foreign government entities are subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance, which could adversely impact our business and operating results. Government certification requirements applicable to our platform may change and, in doing so, restrict our ability to sell into the governmental sector until we have attained the authorization to use or certification. These laws and regulations provide public sector customers with various rights, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts. For example, some federal contracts provide for delays, interruptions, or termination by the government at any time, with or without cause, which can adversely affect our business and operating results and impact other existing or prospective government contracts.

Additionally, we have obtained authorization under FedRAMP, which allows us to participate in the U.S. federal government market. Such authorization is subject to rigorous compliance and if we were to lose our authorization, it could inhibit or preclude our ability to contract with certain U.S. federal government customers. In addition, some customers may rely on our authorization under FedRAMP to help satisfy their own legal and regulatory compliance requirements. If we fail to maintain FedRAMP authorization, we may fail to retain existing customers or attract new customers that rely on our authorization under FedRAMP, which could subject us to liability, result in reputational harm, and adversely impact our financial condition or operating results.

We may be subject to additional audits and investigations relating to our government contracts, and any violations could result in various civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, refunding or suspending of payments, forfeiture of profits, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business.

Unanticipated tax laws or any change in the application of existing tax laws to us or our customers and unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate may adversely impact our profitability and financial results.

We operate and are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions throughout the world. Changes to federal, state, local, or international tax laws on income, sales, use, indirect, or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances on multinational corporations are currently being considered by the United States and other countries where we do business. These contemplated legislative initiatives include, but are not limited to, changes to transfer pricing policies and definitional changes to permanent establishment that could be applied solely or disproportionately to services provided over the internet. These contemplated tax initiatives, if finalized and adopted by countries, may ultimately impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our sales activity resulting in a negative impact on our operating results and cash flows.

In addition, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us (possibly with retroactive effect), which could require us to pay additional tax amounts, fines or penalties, and interest for past amounts. Existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could also be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to our customers (possibly with retroactive effect), which could require our customers to pay additional tax amounts with respect to services we have provided, fines or penalties, and interest for past amounts. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our customers, we could be held liable for such costs, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flows. If our customers must pay additional fines or penalties, it could adversely affect demand for our services.

Significant judgment is often required in the determination of our worldwide provision for (benefit from) income taxes. Our effective tax rate could be impacted by changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and our ability to utilize them. We are also subject to tax examinations and it is possible that the final determination of any examinations will have an adverse effect on our operating results or financial position.

Risks Related to Financial Matters

Because we encounter long sales cycles when selling to large customers and we recognize subscription services revenues over the term of the contract, downturns or upturns in new sales will not be immediately reflected in our operating results and may be difficult to discern.

We generally recognize subscription services revenues over time as services are delivered to the customer, which typically occurs over a period of three years or longer. As a result, most of the subscription services revenues we report in each quarter are derived from the recognition of unearned revenue relating to subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscription contracts in any single quarter may not be reflected in our revenue results for that quarter but will negatively impact our revenue in future quarters. Additionally, because much of our sales efforts are targeted at large enterprise customers, we face greater costs, longer sales cycles, less predictability in completing some of our sales, and varying deployment timeframes.

Our typical sales cycles for many new customers are six to twelve months but can extend for eighteen months or more, and we expect that this lengthy sales cycle may continue or expand as customers increasingly adopt applications across our platform. We have seen and may continue to see instances of increased scrutiny from existing and prospective customers and the lengthening of certain sales cycles. Longer sales cycles could cause our operating and financial results to suffer in a given period. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of new applications, as well as potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of renewals, may not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. Additionally, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect any such changes in revenues. As a result, increased growth in the number of our customers could result in our recognition of more costs than revenues in the earlier periods of the terms of our agreements. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenues through additional sales in any period, as subscription services revenues from new customers generally are recognized over the applicable subscription term. Furthermore, our subscription-based model is largely based on the size of our customers’ employee headcount. Therefore, the addition or loss of employees by our customers, including any significant reductions in force by our customers, or customer insolvencies resulting from severe economic hardship, can and has had an impact on our subscription services revenues. Prolonged decreases in our customers’ headcounts can materially impact our business and operating results in any given period.

We have a history of cumulative losses, and we may not sustain profitability on a GAAP basis in the future.

Until recently, we had incurred significant net losses on a GAAP basis since our inception in 2005 and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate in the future. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future due to substantial investments we have made and continue to make to acquire new customers and develop our applications, anticipated increases in sales and marketing expenses, product development expenses, operations costs, and general and administrative costs. If our revenue growth does not meet estimates, we may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough to avoid an adverse impact on our financial results, and therefore we may incur losses on a GAAP basis in the future. Furthermore, to the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may incur net losses in the acquisition period because some costs associated with acquiring customers are incurred up front, while subscription services revenues are generally recognized ratably over the terms of the agreements, which are typically three years or longer. You should not consider any prior period GAAP-profitability and growth in revenues as indicative of our future performance. We cannot ensure that we will continue to achieve or sustain GAAP profitability in the future.

Our current and future indebtedness may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

In April 2022, we issued $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% notes due April 1, 2027 (“2027 Notes”), $750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.700% notes due April 1, 2029 (“2029 Notes”), and $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.800% notes due April 1, 2032 (“2032 Notes,” and together with the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes, “Senior Notes”). Additionally, in April 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (“2022 Credit Agreement”) which provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion. As of January 31, 2025, we had no outstanding revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement.

We may incur substantial additional debt in the future, some of which may be secured debt. It is possible that we will not be able to repay this indebtedness when due or refinance this indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.

In addition, our indebtedness could, among other things:

• make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;

• make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, or other purposes;

• adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the indebtedness;

• require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;

• limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business;

• increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic conditions, including rising interest rates (which can make refinancing existing indebtedness more difficult or costly); and

• negatively impact our credit rating, which could limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and adversely affect our business.

Our Senior Notes and 2022 Credit Agreement also impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. For example, our 2022 Credit Agreement includes a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a specific leverage ratio. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. Any required repayment of our debt as a result of a fundamental change or other acceleration would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business.

We are subject to risks associated with our equity investments, including partial or complete loss of invested capital, and significant changes in the fair value of this portfolio could adversely impact our financial results.

We invest in early to late stage companies for strategic reasons and to support key business initiatives, and we may not realize a return on our equity investments. Many such companies generate net losses and the market for their products, services, or technologies may be slow to develop or never materialize. These companies are often dependent on the availability of later rounds of financing from banks or investors on favorable terms to continue their operations. The financial success of our investment in any company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering, acquisition, or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment. The capital markets for public offerings and acquisitions are dynamic and the likelihood of liquidity events for the companies we have invested in has and could further deteriorate, which could result in a loss of all or a substantial part of our investment in these companies. Additionally, instability in the global banking system has created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risks and concerns, which may have an adverse impact on the companies we have invested or may invest in.

Further, valuations of non-marketable equity investments are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and the anticipated valuation at the time of our investment may not meet our expectations. In addition, we may experience additional volatility to our results of operations due to changes in market prices of our marketable equity investments and the valuation and timing of observable price changes or impairments of our non-marketable equity investments. Volatility in the global market conditions, including recent economic disruptions, inflation, and ongoing volatility in the public equity markets, may impact our equity investments. This volatility could be material to our results in any given quarter and may cause our stock price to decline. In addition, our ability to mitigate this volatility and realize gains on investments may be impacted by our contractual obligations to hold securities for a set period of time. For example, to the extent a company we have invested in undergoes an initial public offering (“IPO”), we may be subject to a lock-up agreement that restricts our ability to sell our securities for a period of time after the public offering or otherwise impedes our ability to mitigate market volatility in such securities.

We may discover weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, which may adversely affect investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and consequently the market price of our securities.

As a public company, we are required to design and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal controls over financial reporting, which must be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. If we have a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated.

The process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404 is challenging and costly. As we grow our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial, and management controls as well as our reporting systems and procedures. In the future, we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing, and any required remediation in a timely fashion. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, if we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our securities could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. In addition, because we use Workday’s financial management application, any problems that we experience with financial reporting and compliance could be negatively perceived by prospective or current customers, and negatively impact demand for our applications.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

Our Co-Founders have control over key decision making as a result of their control of a majority of our voting stock.

As of January 31, 2025, our Co-Founder and CEO Emeritus David Duffield, together with his affiliates, held voting rights with respect to approximately 43 million shares of Class B common stock and 0.2 million shares of Class A common stock. As of January 31, 2025, our Co-Founder and Executive Chair, Aneel Bhusri, together with his affiliates, held voting rights with respect to approximately 8 million shares of Class B common stock and 0.4 million shares of Class A common stock. In addition, Mr. Bhusri holds 0.2 million restricted stock units (“RSUs”), which will be settled in an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock. Further, Messrs. Duffield and Bhusri have entered into a voting agreement under which each has granted a voting proxy with respect to certain Class B common stock beneficially owned by him effective upon his death or incapacity as described in our registration statement on Form S-1 filed in connection with our IPO. Messrs. Duffield and Bhusri have each initially designated the other as their respective proxies. Accordingly, upon the death or incapacity of either Mr. Duffield or Mr. Bhusri, the other would individually continue to control the voting of shares subject to the voting proxy. Collectively, the shares described above represent a substantial majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, Messrs. Duffield and Bhusri have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As stockholders, even as controlling stockholders, they are entitled to vote their shares in their own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally.

In addition, Mr. Bhusri has the ability to significantly influence the management and affairs of our company as a result of his position as a member of our Board of Directors and an officer of Workday. Mr. Bhusri, in his capacity as a board member and officer, however, owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders.

The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our Co-Founders, as well as with other executive officers, directors, and affiliates, which limits or precludes the ability of non-affiliates to influence corporate matters.

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock, which is the stock that is publicly traded, has one vote per share. Stockholders who hold shares of Class B common stock, including our executive officers, directors, and other affiliates, together hold a substantial majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock as of January 31, 2025. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and therefore be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until the conversion of all shares of all Class A and Class B shares to a single class of common stock on the date that is the first to occur of (i) October 17, 2032, (ii) such time as the shares of Class B common stock represent less than 9% of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, (iii) nine months following the death of both Mr. Duffield and Mr. Bhusri, or (iv) the date on which the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock elect to convert all shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock into a single class of common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude the ability of non-affiliates to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, Mr. Duffield and Mr. Bhusri retain a significant portion of their holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, they could, in the future, continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock.

Our stock price has been volatile in the past and may be subject to volatility in the future.

The trading price of our Class A common stock has historically been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to the risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, and other risks which are beyond our control. The factors that have and may in the future affect the trading price of our securities include, but are not limited to:

• guidance regarding our operating results and other financial metrics that we provide to the public, differences between our guidance and market expectations, our failure to meet our guidance, any withdrawal of previous guidance or changes from our historical guidance;

• changes in investor and analyst valuation models for our Class A common stock;

• announcements of technological innovations, new applications or enhancements to services, acquisitions, strategic alliances, or significant agreements by us or by our competitors;

• disruptions in our services due to computer hardware, software, or network problems or any announcements related to security incidents;

• announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases;

• recruitment or departure of key personnel;

• the economy as a whole, political and regulatory uncertainty, and market conditions in our industry and the industries of our customers;

• trading activity by directors, executive officers, and significant stockholders, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares;

• any future issuances of our securities; and

• changes in the amounts or frequency of stock repurchases.

Additionally, the stock markets have at times experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and may in the future affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have, in some cases, been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Further, the trading prices of publicly traded shares of companies in our industry have been particularly volatile and may be very volatile in the future.

In the past, some companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business.

We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our share repurchase programs.

In February 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a program under which we were authorized to repurchase up to $500 million of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. In the third quarter of fiscal 2025, we had completed the repurchase authorization under this program. In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock (“August 2024 Share Repurchase Program”). Such repurchases may be made through open market transactions, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1, through privately negotiated transactions, or by other means, in each case in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions. The August 2024 Share Repurchase Program has no expiration date, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any amount of Class A common stock.

Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price. Since first authorizing a share repurchase program, there have been periods of time during which we have been unable to repurchase shares, for example, due to the possession of material nonpublic information.

The existence of our share repurchase programs could cause our stock price to trade higher than it otherwise would and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Our share repurchase programs may not enhance long-term stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the effectiveness of this program.

Repurchasing our common stock will reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund working capital, repayment of debt, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate purposes, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our share repurchase programs. Furthermore, the timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will be subject to liquidity, market and economic conditions, compliance with applicable legal requirements such as Delaware surplus and solvency tests, and other relevant factors.

Delaware law and provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of Workday more difficult, including the following:

• any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class;

• our dual class common stock structure, which provides our Co-Founders with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock;

• our Board of Directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause;

• when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting power of common stock:

◦ certain amendments to our restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock;

◦ our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not by written consent; and

◦ vacancies on our Board of Directors will be able to be filled only by our Board of Directors and not by stockholders;

• only our chair of the board, chief executive officer, co-presidents, or a majority of our Board of Directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders;

• certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware;

• we will have two classes of common stock until the date that is the first to occur of (i) October 17, 2032, (ii) such time as the shares of Class B common stock represent less than 9% of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock, (iii) nine months following the death of both Mr. Duffield and Mr. Bhusri, or (iv) the date on which the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock elect to convert all shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock into a single class of common stock;

• our restated certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established, and shares of which may be issued, without the approval of the holders of Class A common stock; and

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders.

In addition, Section 203 of the DGCL imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common stock, which may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company.

Furthermore, the change in control repurchase event provisions of our Senior Notes may delay or prevent a change in control of our company, because those provisions allow note holders to require us to repurchase such notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change or change in control repurchase event.

These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could depress the market price of our securities.

The exclusive forum provision in our organizational documents may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims.

Our restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this exclusive forum provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act. If a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.

Our bylaws include a provision providing that the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act (“Federal Forum Provision”). Our decision to adopt a Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law. Application of the Federal Forum Provision means that suits brought by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court.

In addition, neither the exclusive forum provision in our restated certificate of incorporation nor the Federal Forum Provision applies to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal court, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to our exclusive forum provisions, including the Federal Forum Provision. These provisions may limit a stockholders’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of their choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees.

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, stockholders must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

Risk Management and Strategy

We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things, operational risks; intellectual property theft; fraud; extortion; harm to employees or customers; violation of privacy or security laws and other litigation and legal risk; and reputational risks. Our process for identifying and assessing material risks from cybersecurity threats operates alongside our broader overall risk assessment process, covering all company risks. As part of this process appropriate disclosure personnel will collaborate with subject matter specialists, as necessary, to gather insights for identifying and assessing material cybersecurity threat risks, their severity, and potential mitigations.

We have implemented a variety of cybersecurity processes, technologies, and controls to aid in our efforts to identify, assess and manage such material risks. Our approach includes: (1) an enterprise risk management program, which includes cybersecurity risks and is periodically refreshed; (2) security and privacy reviews designed to identify risks from many new features, software, and vendors; (3) a vulnerability management program designed to identify hardware and software vulnerabilities; (4) a variety of tools designed to monitor our networks, systems and data for suspicious activity; (5) an internal red team program, which simulates cyber threats, intended to allow us to fix vulnerabilities before threat actors identify them; (6) a threat intelligence program designed to model and research our adversaries; and (7) a variety of privacy, cybersecurity, and incident response trainings and simulations. We leverage industry standard security frameworks, including from the National Institute for Standards in Technology (NIST), the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), to evaluate our security controls, which vary in maturity across the business and are processes we work to continually improve.

We also maintain a privacy and cybersecurity incident response program to prepare for, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess severity for, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational damage. Further, we conduct periodic tabletop exercises to test and fortify the controls of our cybersecurity incident response program. The incident response team assesses the severity and priority of incidents on a rolling basis, with escalations of higher severity cybersecurity incidents provided to our management team. If a cybersecurity incident is determined to be a potentially material cybersecurity incident, our disclosure controls and procedures define the steps to determine materiality and disclose such a material cybersecurity incident.

When appropriate, we use external service providers and consultants to assess or monitor the environment or otherwise assist with aspects of our cybersecurity controls and risk assessment process. Our risk management approach is supplemented by external and internal enterprise risk management audits, which are designed to test the effectiveness of our security controls. We conduct penetration testing on a periodic basis and have established an external bug bounty program to allow security researchers to help identify vulnerabilities in our systems before they mature into real-world cybersecurity threats. We also maintain a vendor risk management program designed to identify and mitigate risks associated with third-party service providers, including those in our supply chain and those who have access to our customer or employee data or our systems. This program includes pre-engagement diligence, contractual security and notification provisions, and ongoing monitoring, as appropriate.

We describe whether and how risks from identified cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, financial condition, or results of operations, under the headings “ We depend on data centers and other infrastructure operated by third parties, as well as internet availability, and any disruption in these operations could adversely affect our business and operating results ,” “ If we are unable to successfully integrate our applications with a variety of third-party technologies, our business and operating results could be adversely affected ,” and “ If our information technology systems are compromised or unauthorized access to customer or user data is otherwise obtained, our applications may be perceived as not being secure, our operations may be disrupted, our applications may become unavailable, customers and end users may reduce the use of or stop using our applications, and we may incur significant liabilities ” in our “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report, which disclosures are incorporated by reference herein.

Governance

Our Board of Directors is actively involved in overseeing risks from cybersecurity threats. At least once a year, the Board of Directors discusses our programs and policies related to cybersecurity and risk initiatives and considers them closely both from a risk management perspective and as part of Workday’s business strategy. Additionally, the Board has delegated to its Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity risks and processes to manage them. Our Audit Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors who regularly evaluate cybersecurity risks.

The materials presented to our Board and Audit Committee include updates on our data security posture, results from third-party assessments , progress towards predetermined risk-mitigation-related goals, our incident response plan, and certain cybersecurity threat risks or incidents and developments, as well as the steps management has taken to respond to such risks. The Board and Audit Committee generally receive materials, including a cybersecurity scorecard and other materials indicating current and emerging cybersecurity threat risks and describing our ability to mitigate those risks, and discuss such matters with our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) . Material cybersecurity threat risks are also considered during separate Board and committee meeting discussions of important matters like enterprise risk management, operational budgeting, business continuity planning, and other relevant matters .

Our CISO leads all aspects of our global cybersecurity program. Our CISO joined Workday in 2010 and has served as our CISO since April 2018. Our CISO has more than 20 years of experience in cybersecurity and information technology risk management, including at a large public company and a recognized consulting firm. He also has a degree in information systems management.

Our cybersecurity program is also supported by a cross-functional leadership team that contributes to our information security and privacy programs and practices, as well as identifies and mitigates security and privacy risks. This team includes our CIO and our Chief Legal Counsel. This team contributes to the development of our cybersecurity strategy and is periodically updated regarding evolving cybersecurity risks and the in-place responsive actions. This team is also informed about the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described herein, including the operation of our incident response plan.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our corporate headquarters is located in Pleasanton, California. It consists of approximately 1.2 million square feet of owned facilities and a 6.9 acre parcel of leased land. The land lease will expire in 2108. We also lease office space in various locations, including North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific, and data center capacity throughout the United States and Europe.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs. In the future, we may expand our facilities, add new facilities, or exit facilities as our needs evolve. We believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available on commercially reasonable terms to accommodate any growth.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are regularly involved with claims, suits, purported class or representative actions, and may be involved in regulatory and government investigations and other proceedings, involving competition, intellectual property, data security and privacy, bankruptcy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. Such claims, suits, actions, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings can impose a significant burden on management and employees, could prevent us from offering one or more of our applications, services, or features to others, could require us to change our technology or business practices, or could result in monetary damages, fines, civil or criminal penalties, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences.

These claims, suits, actions, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings may include speculative, substantial, or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a liability and the estimated amount of a liability related to such matters. With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible liability will not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information for Common Stock

Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “WDAY”. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our capital stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our Board of Directors considers relevant.

Stockholders

As of March 7, 2025, there were 16 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock (not including an indeterminate number of beneficial holders of stock held in street name through brokers and other intermediaries) and 60 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

See Part III, Item 12 “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” for more information regarding securities authorized for issuance.

Stock Performance Graph

The following shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided by this Item 5, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

This chart compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 1500 Application Software Index. The chart assumes $100 was invested at the close of market on January 31, 2020, in our Class A common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P 1500 Application Software Index, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

The table below sets forth information regarding our purchases of our Class A common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2025 (in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share data):

(1) In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, under which we may repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Prior to the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, our Board of Directors authorized a $500 million share repurchase program in February 2024, which we completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, and a $500 million share repurchase program in November 2022, which we completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. For further information, see Note 14, Stockholders’ Equity , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations covers fiscal 2025 and 2024 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2025 and 2024. Discussions of fiscal 2023 items and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, that was filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024.

Overview

Workday is the AI platform that helps organizations manage their most important assets – their people and money. We deliver cloud-based applications for financial management, HCM, planning, spend management, and analytics. Our diverse customer base includes emerging, medium-sized, and large global organizations within numerous industry categories, including professional and business services, financial services, healthcare, education, government, technology, media, retail, and hospitality. With Workday, our customers have an AI-powered platform that can help them deliver better employee experiences, increase productivity, improve operational efficiencies, and provide insights for faster, data-driven decision-making.

We have achieved significant growth since our inception in 2005, when we pioneered HCM in the cloud. As a result of our innovation and commitment to customer success, today we are a Fortune 500 company with more than 11,000 customers around the world. As we continue to grow, we are focused on driving sustainable, long-term subscription revenue growth by adding new customers and expanding our relationships with existing customers through increased adoption of our suite of solutions. Central to this effort is investing in strategic growth areas including leveraging the power of our platform to drive increased adoption of our full suite of applications, expanding internationally, developing innovative AI solutions, growing our partner ecosystem, deepening our industry verticals, and exploring strategic acquisitions to complement our organic innovation. Our investments across these targeted growth areas may require additional costs, but we remain committed to optimizing resource allocation and realizing a return on our investments. Over time, we believe these investments will support revenue growth and a more scalable business.

We are focused on expanding our operating margin by driving scale and building efficiencies across the business through investments in people, processes, and systems. In February 2025, we announced the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan, which is intended to prioritize our investments and continue advancing our ongoing focus on durable growth. The plan is currently expected to result in the reduction of approximately 8% of our workforce. In connection with this plan, we expect to exit certain owned office space. As a result of our focus on expanding operating margin, we expect our product development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenues will decrease over the longer term as we grow our revenues and invest in a disciplined manner to support our long-term growth objectives.

Impact of Current Economic Conditions

Recent macroeconomic events including increased tariffs, elevated inflation, and fluctuating interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as geopolitical instability, continue to impact the global economy and create uncertainty, volatility, and disruption of financial markets. Despite this, we are confident in the long-term overall health of our business, the strength of our product offerings, and our ability to continue to execute on our strategy and help our customers on their human capital and finance digital transformation journeys. Demand for our products remains strong, we continue to achieve solid new subscription bookings, and our near-term revenues are relatively predictable as a result of our subscription-based business model.

We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a moderation of revenue growth rates due to deal scrutiny and the lengthening of certain sales cycles, particularly within net new opportunities, and reduced growth in headcount level commitments upon renewals of existing customers. Further, we have provided, and may continue to provide, certain customers with more flexible payment terms. If the economic uncertainty continues, we may also experience additional negative impacts on customer renewals, customer collections, sales and marketing efforts, customer deployments, product development, or other financial metrics. Any of these factors could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. For further discussion of the potential impacts of recent macroeconomic events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, see “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

Financial Results Overview

The following table provides an overview of our key metrics (in millions, except percentages, basis points, and headcount data):

(1) See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for further information.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenues

We derive our revenues from subscription services and professional services. Subscription services revenues primarily consist of fees that give our customers access to our cloud applications, which include related customer support. Professional services revenues include fees for deployment services, optimization services, and training.

Subscription services revenues accounted for approximately 91% of our total revenues for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, and represented 97% of our total unearned revenue as of January 31, 2025. Subscription services revenues are driven primarily by the number of customers, the number of workers at each customer, the specific applications subscribed to by each customer, and the price of our applications.

The mix of applications to which each customer subscribes can affect our financial performance due to price differentials in our applications. Pricing for our applications varies based on many factors, including the complexity and maturity of the application and its acceptance in the marketplace. New products or services offerings by competitors in the future could also impact the mix and pricing of our offerings.

Subscription services revenues are recognized over time as services are delivered, beginning on the date our service is made available to the customer. Our subscription contracts typically have a term of three years or longer and are generally noncancelable. We generally invoice our customers annually in advance for subscription services. We may provide certain customers flexible payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to our customers.

Our professional services consulting engagements are billed on a time and materials or fixed price basis. We generally invoice our customers in arrears for our professional services. For contracts billed on a time and materials basis, revenues are recognized over time as the professional services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenues are recognized over time based on the proportion of the professional services performed. In some cases, we supplement our consulting teams by subcontracting resources from our service partners and deploying them on customer engagements. As the Workday-related consulting practices of our partner firms continue to develop, we expect these partners to increasingly contract directly with our subscription customers for services engagements.

Subscription Revenue Backlog

Our subscription revenue backlog, which is also referred to as remaining performance obligations for subscription contracts, represents contracted subscription services revenues that have not yet been recognized and includes billed and unbilled amounts. Subscription revenue backlog may fluctuate from period-to-period due to a number of factors, including the timing of renewals and overall renewal rates, new business growth, average contract duration, business combinations, and seasonality.

Costs and Expenses

Costs of subscription services revenues . Costs of subscription services revenues consist primarily of expenses associated with hosting our applications and providing customer support, including employee-related expenses, expenses related to data center capacity and computing infrastructure operated by third parties, and depreciation of our data center equipment.

Costs of professional services revenues . Costs of professional services revenues consist primarily of employee-related expenses associated with these services, subcontractor expenses, and travel expenses.

Product development expenses . Product development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses associated with our efforts to add new features and applications, increase functionality, and enhance the ease of use of our cloud applications, as well as expenses related to data center capacity.

Sales and marketing expenses . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, sales commissions, marketing programs, and travel expenses. Marketing programs consist of advertising, events, corporate communications, brand awareness, brand ambassador campaigns, and product marketing activities. Sales commissions are considered incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions for new revenue contracts are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that we have determined to be five years.

General and administrative expenses . General and administrative expenses consist of employee-related expenses for finance and accounting, legal, human resources, information systems personnel, professional fees, and other corporate expenses.

Restructuring expenses. Restructuring expenses are associated with a formal restructuring program and consist of charges related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and share-based compensation, as well as exit charges associated with the closure of facilities.

Results of Operations

Revenues

Our total revenues were as follows (in millions):

Total revenues were $8.4 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $7.3 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $1.2 billion, or 16%. Subscription services revenues were $7.7 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $6.6 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $1.1 billion, or 17%. Approximately 60% of the increase in subscription services revenues was attributable to expansion of our customers that existed as of the beginning of the prior fiscal year, and the remaining 40% was attributable to customers added after the beginning of the prior fiscal year. Professional services revenues were $728 million for fiscal 2025, compared to $656 million for fiscal 2024, an increase of $72 million, or 11%. The increase in professional services revenues was driven by higher demand for our deployment and integration services.

Gross Revenue Retention Rate

Our growth in subscription services revenues attributable to existing customers is further reflected by our gross revenue retention rate of approximately 98% as of January 31, 2025. Our gross revenue retention rate measures the percentage of recurring revenue retained from existing customers and is calculated by taking total annual recurring revenue (“ARR”) of our customers as of the corresponding prior period-end and comparing that to ARR from that same set of customers as of the current period-end. The metric takes into account recurring revenues lost to product or customer churn but does not account for additional revenue earned from add-ons or net expansions, which include volume and price adjustments. Our high gross revenue retention rate demonstrates our ability to maintain our existing customer base and drive strong overall customer satisfaction.

Our gross revenue retention rate is based on ARR, which represents the annualized value of active subscription contracts as of the end of each period. Each subscription contract is annualized by dividing the total contract value by the number of days in the contract term and then multiplying by 365. We exclude certain subscription contracts from the calculation, including contracts with terms less than one year that are distinct from our core product offering, such as contracts for tenants which are used for implementation and testing. To the extent that we are negotiating a renewal with a customer after the expiration of the subscription, ARR is only adjusted if the customer churns. We calculate ARR on a constant currency basis using exchange rates set at the beginning of each fiscal year. ARR is a non-GAAP financial measure and should be viewed independently of, and not as a substitute for or combined with, revenue and unearned revenue.

Subscription Revenue Backlog

As of January 31, 2025, our total subscription revenue backlog was $25.1 billion, with $7.6 billion expected to be recognized in revenues over the next 12 months. As of January 31, 2024, our total subscription revenue backlog was $20.9 billion, with $6.6 billion expected to be recognized in revenues over the next 12 months. The increase in subscription revenue backlog was primarily driven by expansion within our existing customer base, sales to new customers, and timing of renewals for existing customers.

Costs and Expenses

Our costs and expenses were as follows (in millions):

Total costs and expenses were $8.0 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $7.1 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $955 million, or 13%. The increase in operating expenses included increases of $555 million in employee-related expenses, including share-based compensation, primarily due to higher average headcount, $84 million in restructuring expenses primarily related to the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan, $57 million in facilities and IT-related expenses, $56 million in data center capacity expenses, $46 million in subcontractor expenses, $44 million in professional services expenses, $38 million in depreciation, $37 million in amortization of deferred sales commissions due to increased sales, and $31 million related to marketing programs.

Costs of Subscription Services

Costs of subscription services were $1.3 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $1.0 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $235 million, or 23%. The increase in costs of subscription services included increases of $132 million in employee-related expenses, including share-based compensation, primarily due to higher average headcount, $44 million in data center capacity expenses, and $39 million in depreciation.

We expect costs of subscription services will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we improve and expand our technical operations infrastructure, including computing infrastructure operated by third parties.

Costs of Professional Services

Costs of professional services were $803 million for fiscal 2025, compared to $740 million for fiscal 2024, an increase of $63 million, or 9%. The increase in costs of professional services included increases of $46 million in subcontractor expenses and $12 million in employee-related expenses.

We expect costs of professional services as a percentage of total revenues to continue to decline as we rely on our service partners to deploy our applications and as our subscription services revenues continue to grow as we expand both our customer base and our footprint within our existing customers.

Product Development

Product development expenses were $2.6 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $2.5 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $160 million, or 7%. The increase in product development expenses included an increase of $158 million in employee-related expenses, including share-based compensation, primarily due to higher average headcount.

We expect product development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we improve and extend our applications and develop new technologies, including costs incurred for hardware maintenance, data center capacity, facility costs, and IT-related expenses.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses were $2.4 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $2.1 billion for fiscal 2024, an increase of $294 million, or 14%. The increase in sales and marketing expenses included increases of $180 million in employee-related expenses, including share-based compensation, primarily due to higher average headcount, $37 million in amortization of deferred sales commissions due to increased sales, $30 million related to marketing programs, and $25 million in facilities and IT-related expenses.

We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our domestic and international selling and marketing activities to expand awareness of our brand and product offerings to attract new and existing customers.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses were $820 million for fiscal 2025, compared to $702 million for fiscal 2024, an increase of $118 million, or 17%. The increase in general and administrative expenses included increases of $73 million in employee-related expenses, including share-based compensation, primarily due to higher average headcount, and $36 million in professional services expenses.

We expect general and administrative expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to grow our business and invest in our people, processes, and systems to support our global operations.

Restructuring

Restructuring expenses were $84 million for fiscal 2025, with no comparable expense in the prior year. We recorded expenses of $65 million for employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and share-based compensation under the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan and exit charges of $19 million associated with office space reductions under a separate restructuring plan.

We estimate that we will incur approximately $230 million to $250 million in total charges in connection with the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan, which consists of approximately $200 million to $210 million related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and share-based compensation, with the balance related to an impairment of office space. The activities associated with this plan are expected to be substantially complete by the second quarter of fiscal 2026, subject to local law and consultation requirements.

Share-based compensation

Costs and expenses include share-based compensation expense as follows (in millions):

Share-based compensation expense increased by $103 million during fiscal 2025, primarily due to additional grants to new and existing employees.

Equity compensation is an important element of our compensation philosophy. While we expect share-based compensation expense to grow in absolute dollars as we expand our global workforce, we expect it to continue to decline as a percentage of total revenues.

Operating Income (Loss) and Operating Margin

GAAP operating income was $415 million, or 4.9% of revenues, in fiscal 2025, compared to $183 million, or 2.5% of revenues in fiscal 2024. The improvement was primarily due to our revenue growth outpacing headcount growth and moderation of operating expenses, including share-based compensation, partially offset by restructuring expenses recognized in the current fiscal year.

Non-GAAP operating income was $2.2 billion, or 25.9% of revenues, in fiscal 2025, compared to $1.7 billion, or 24.0% of revenues in fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily due to our revenue growth outpacing headcount growth and moderation of operating expenses.

Reconciliations of our GAAP to non-GAAP operating income (loss) and operating margin were as follows (in millions, except percentages). See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for further information.

(1) The Share-based compensation expense lines in the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation tables above exclude share-based compensation expense of $8 million in fiscal 2025 related to restructuring initiatives. This expense is included in the Restructuring costs lines.

Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income (expense), net was as follows (in millions):

Other income, net increased by $50 million for fiscal 2025, primarily due to increases in interest income earned from higher investment balances and increased average interest rates.

Provision For (Benefit From) Income Taxes

The provision for (benefit from) income taxes was as follows (in millions):

The income tax provision for fiscal 2025 was primarily attributable to an increase in our U.S. pretax income and income tax expenses in profitable foreign jurisdictions.

The income tax benefit for fiscal 2024 was primarily attributable to the $1.1 billion release of our valuation allowance related to all U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, excluding certain state tax credits.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) released Pillar Two model rules defining a 15% global minimum tax for large multinational corporations. The OECD continues to release additional guidance and countries are implementing legislation, with widespread adoption of the Pillar Two Framework expected in the near future. Pillar Two rules are at varying stages of adoption across the jurisdictions where we operate. The specific rules and timeline to implement these rules vary by jurisdiction. The adoption of Pillar Two rules may affect our effective tax rate and current tax obligations and liabilities. While we do not currently anticipate Pillar Two rules to have a material impact on our consolidated financial results, we are monitoring developments from the OECD, governmental bodies, such as the EU, and intergovernmental economic organizations, to evaluate the impact of changing global tax laws.

For further information, see Note 17, Income Taxes , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of January 31, 2025, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $8.0 billion, which were primarily held for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are primarily composed of, in order from largest to smallest, corporate bonds, U.S. treasury securities, money market funds, U.S. agency obligations, commercial paper, and asset-backed securities. We have financed our operations primarily through customer payments, issuance of debt, and sales of our common stock.

We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided by operating activities, unbilled amounts related to the remaining term of contracted noncancelable subscription agreements, which are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and, if necessary, our borrowing capacity under our 2022 Credit Agreement that provides for $1.0 billion of unsecured financing, are sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, share repurchase, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months and beyond.

Our long-term future capital requirements depend on many factors, including the effects of macroeconomic trends, customer growth rates, subscription renewal activity, headcount growth, the timing and extent of development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced services offerings, infrastructure development, and our investment and acquisition activities. As part of our strategy, we may choose to seek additional debt or equity financing.

Our cash flows were as follows (in millions):

Operating Activities

Cash provided by operating activities was $2.5 billion and $2.1 billion for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. In fiscal 2025, the improvement in cash flow provided by operating activities was primarily the result of higher cash collections of $868 million due to increased sales and additional interest income received of $112 million from marketable debt securities, offset by increased employee-related payments of $465 million primarily due to higher average headcount and increased supplier payments of $171 million to support our continued growth.

Investing Activities

Cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2025 was $1.8 billion, which primarily resulted from a net cash outflow of $667 million related to marketable debt securities activities, cash consideration, net of cash acquired, of $522 million and $303 million for the acquisitions of HiredScore and Evisort, respectively, and capital expenditures of $269 million for data center and office space projects.

Cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2024 was $1.8 billion, which primarily resulted from a net cash outflow of $1.6 billion from the timing of purchases and maturities of marketable securities and capital expenditures of $232 million for data center and office space projects, offset by proceeds of $144 million from sales of marketable securities.

We expect capital expenditures will be approximately $250 million in fiscal 2026. This primarily includes investments in our office facilities to support our continued growth.

Financing Activities

Cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2025 was $1.2 billion, which was due to repurchases of common stock of $700 million under our share repurchase programs and taxes paid of $636 million related to net share settlement of equity awards, offset by proceeds of $186 million from the issuance of common stock from employee equity plans.

Cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2024 was $268 million, which was due to repurchases of common stock of $423 million under our share repurchase programs, offset by proceeds of $155 million from the issuance of common stock from employee equity plans.

Free Cash Flows

In evaluating our performance internally, we focus on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows. We define free cash flows, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures. See “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below for further information.

Free cash flows were $2.2 billion for fiscal 2025, compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year period. The improvement was primarily the result of higher cash collections of $868 million due to increased sales and additional interest income received of $112 million from marketable debt securities, offset by increased employee-related payments of $465 million primarily due to higher average headcount, increased supplier payments of $171 million to support our continued growth, and increased capital expenditures of $37 million.

Reconciliation of our GAAP net cash provided by operating activities to non-GAAP free cash flows is as follows (in millions):

Share Repurchase Programs

In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, under which we may repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of our Class A common stock. Prior to the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, our Board of Directors authorized a $500 million share repurchase program in February 2024, which we completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, and a $500 million share repurchase program in November 2022, which we completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. For further information, see Note 14, Stockholders’ Equity , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

Contractual Obligations

Our contractual obligations primarily consist of borrowings under our Senior Notes, agreements for third-party hosted infrastructure platforms for business operations, leases for office space and co-location facilities for data center capacity, and other purchase obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business. The table below includes our material contractual obligations, excluding imputed interest, as of January 31, 2025 (in millions). For further information, see the associated Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report referenced in the table below.

(1) Consists of principal and interest payments on the Senior Notes.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Regulation S-K Item 10(e), “Use of non-GAAP financial measures in Commission filings,” defines and prescribes the conditions for use of non-GAAP financial information. Our measures of non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flows meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures.

Change in Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Effective beginning fiscal 2025, we exclude certain acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs from our non-GAAP results as they may vary from period-to-period independent of the operating performance of our business. Prior period amounts have been recast to conform to this presentation.

Non-GAAP Operating Income and Non-GAAP Operating Margin

We use the non-GAAP financial measures of non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, for internal budgeting and forecasting purposes, for short- and long-term operating plans, and to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures reflect our ongoing business in a manner that allows for meaningful period-to-period comparisons and analysis of trends in our business.

Our non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin exclude the components listed below. For the reasons set forth below, we believe that excluding these components provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results and prospects in the same manner as management, in comparing financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies, and to better understand the long-term performance of our core business.

• Share-based compensation expense. Share-based compensation primarily consists of non-cash expenses for employee RSUs and our employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”). Although share-based compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees and executives, this expense is determined using a number of factors, including our stock price, volatility, and forfeiture rates, that are beyond our control and generally unrelated to operational decisions and performance in any particular period. Further, share-based compensation expense is not reflective of the value ultimately received by the grant recipients.

• Employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions . We exclude the employer payroll tax-related items on employee stock transactions in order to show the full effect that excluding share-based compensation expense has on our operating results. Similar to share-based compensation expense, this tax expense is dependent on our stock price and other factors that are beyond our control and do not correlate to the operation of our business.

• Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets . For business combinations, we generally allocate a portion of the purchase price to intangible assets. The amount of the allocation is based on estimates and assumptions made by management and is subject to amortization. The amount of purchase price allocated to intangible assets and the term of the related amortization can vary significantly and are unique to each acquisition and thus we do not believe it is reflective of our ongoing operations. Although we exclude the amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets from these non-GAAP financial measures, we believe that it is important for investors to understand that such intangible assets were recorded as part of purchase accounting and contribute to revenue generation.

• Acquisition-related costs. Acquisition-related costs include direct transaction costs, such as due diligence and advisory fees, and certain compensation and integration-related expenses. We exclude the effects of acquisition-related costs as we believe these transaction-specific expenses are inconsistent in amount and frequency and do not correlate to the operation of our business.

• Restructuring costs. Restructuring costs are associated with a formal restructuring plan and are primarily related to employee severance, the closure of facilities, and cancellation of certain contracts. We exclude these expenses because they are not reflective of ongoing business and operating results.

Free Cash Flows

We define free cash flows as net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures. We use free cash flows as a measure of financial progress in our business, as it balances operating results, cash management, and capital efficiency. We believe information regarding free cash flows provides investors and others with an enhanced view of cash flow generation from the ongoing operations of our business.

Limitations on the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

A limitation of our non-GAAP financial measures of non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flows is that they do not have uniform definitions. Our definitions will likely differ from the definitions used by other companies, including peer companies, and therefore comparability may be limited. Further, these non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations as they do not reflect all items of expense or cash that affect our operations and are reflected in the corresponding GAAP financial measures. In the case of share-based compensation, if we did not pay out a portion of compensation in the form of share-based compensation, the cash salary expense included in operating expenses would be higher, which would affect our cash position.

We compensate for these limitations by reconciling the non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure, and to view our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with the most comparable GAAP financial measures.

See “Results of Operations—Operating Income (Loss) and Operating Margin” for reconciliations from the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures of GAAP operating income (loss) and GAAP operating margin, to the non-GAAP financial measures of non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin, for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023.

See “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Free Cash Flows” for a reconciliation from the most comparable GAAP financial measure, net cash provided by operating activities, to the non-GAAP financial measure, free cash flows, for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, judgments, and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, Accounting Standards and Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies and estimates we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and operating results.

Revenue Recognition

We derive our revenues from subscription services and professional services. Revenues are recognized when control of these services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for services rendered.

We determine revenue recognition through the following steps:

• Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;

• Identification of the performance obligations in the contract;

• Determination of the transaction price;

• Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

• Recognition of revenues when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.

We believe the area we apply the most critical judgment when determining revenue recognition relates to the identification of distinct performance obligations.

Identification of Performance Obligations

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract with a customer to transfer products or services that are distinct. Our contracts with customers may include multiple promises to transfer services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or combined as a single performance obligation may require significant judgment that requires us to assess the nature of the promise and the value delivered to the customer.

Our primary performance obligations consist of subscription services and professional services. We satisfy these performance obligations over time as we transfer the promised services to our customers. Subscription services are made up of a daily requirement to deliver the service to the customer. Each day the delivery of the service provides value to the customer and each day represents a measure toward completion of the service. As such, subscription services meet the criteria to be a series of distinct services. In determining whether professional services are distinct, we consider the following factors for each professional services agreement: availability of the services from other vendors, the nature of the professional services, the timing of when the professional services contract was signed in comparison to the subscription start date, and the contractual dependence of the service on the customer’s satisfaction with the professional services work. To date, we have concluded that professional services included in contracts with multiple performance obligations are generally distinct as the professional services are not interrelated with subscription services nor do they result in significant customization of the subscription service. As such, we view professional services as a performance obligation to the customer.

At contract inception, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. We combine contracts entered into at or near the same time with the same customer if we determine that the contracts are negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective; the amount of consideration to be paid in one contract depends on the price or performance of the other contract; or the services promised in the contracts are a single performance obligation. For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, we assess each promise separately and allocate the transaction price on a relative standalone selling price (“SSP”) basis. We apply significant judgment in identifying and evaluating any terms and conditions in contracts which may impact revenue recognition.

Deferred Commissions

Sales commissions earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions for new revenue contracts are capitalized and then amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that we have determined to be five years. We determined the period of benefit by exercising judgment, taking into consideration our customer contracts, our technology, and other factors.

Periodically, we review whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could impact the period of benefit. Any future changes in circumstances around the terms of our initial and renewal contracts, customer attrition, underlying technology life, and certain other factors may materially change the period of benefit and therefore the amortization amounts recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There was no change to the period of benefit during the periods presented.

Income Taxes

We record a provision for, or benefit from, income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the net amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.

We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. Significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions. Our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law or guidance, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. Changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our provision for (benefit from) income taxes in the period in which we make the change.

Business Combinations, Goodwill, and Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets

We allocate the purchase consideration of acquired companies to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. The purchase price allocation process requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of identifiable intangible assets. Critical estimates used in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows from acquired customer contracts, expected life cycle and innovation timelines for acquired technologies, forecasted customer attrition rates and revenue growth, the fair value of pre-existing relationships, royalty rates for comparable market technologies, and discount rates. The amounts and estimated useful lives assigned to acquisition-related intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2, Accounting Standards and Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Recent macroeconomic events have resulted in negative impacts on global economies and financial markets, which may increase our foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk. For further discussion of the potential impacts of these events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, see “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

We transact business globally in multiple currencies. As a result, our operating results and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As of January 31, 2025, our most significant currency exposures were the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar.

Due to our exposure to market risks that may result from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency derivative hedging transactions to mitigate these risks. For further information, see Note 10, Derivative Instruments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

Interest Rate Risk on our Investments

We had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $8.0 billion and $7.8 billion as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Cash equivalents and marketable securities were invested primarily in U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, corporate bonds, commercial paper, money market funds, and asset-backed securities. The cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our investment portfolios are managed to preserve capital and meet liquidity needs. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of debt securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fluctuate due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. Further, since our debt securities are classified as “available-for-sale,” if the fair value of the security declines below its amortized cost basis, then any portion of that decline attributable to credit losses, to the extent expected to be nonrecoverable before the sale of the impaired security, is recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

A hypothetical increase or decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately $89 million market value reduction or increase in our investment portfolio as of January 31, 2025. A hypothetical increase or decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately $57 million market value reduction or increase in our investment portfolio as of January 31, 2024. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur.

Interest Rate Risk on our Debt

The Senior Notes have fixed annual interest rates, and therefore we do not have economic interest rate exposure on these debt obligations. However, the fair values of the Senior Notes are exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair values of the Senior Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise.

Borrowings under our 2022 Credit Agreement will bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.500% or a secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) plus 10 basis points, plus a margin of 0.750% to 1.500%, with such margin being determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio or debt rating. Because the interest rates applicable to borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement are variable, we are exposed to market risk from changes in the underlying index rates, which affect our cost of borrowing.

For further information, see Note 11, Debt , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

WORKDAY, INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Workday, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Workday, Inc. (the Company) as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 11, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2008.

San Francisco, California

March 11, 2025

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Workday, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Workday, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Workday, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated March 11, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

San Francisco, California

March 11, 2025

WORKDAY, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share data)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

WORKDAY, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share data)

(1) Costs and expenses include share-based compensation expense as follows:

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

WORKDAY, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(in millions)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

WORKDAY, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

WORKDAY, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(in millions)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Workday, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As used in this report, the terms “ Workday, ” “ registrant, ” “ we, ” “ us, ” and “ our ” mean Workday, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise.

Note 1. Overview and Basis of Presentation

Description of the Business

Workday is a leading enterprise platform that provides organizations with solutions for financial management, human capital management (“HCM”), planning, spend management, and analytics. With Workday, our customers have an artificial intelligence (“AI”)-powered cloud platform that helps them manage their most important assets – their people and money.

Fiscal Year

Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2025, for example, refer to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.

Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) and include the results of Workday, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Certain prior period amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates, judgments, and assumptions include, but are not limited to, the identification of distinct performance obligations for revenue recognition, the determination of the period of benefit for deferred commissions, the realizability of deferred tax assets, the measurement of uncertain tax positions, the fair value and useful lives of assets acquired and liabilities assumed through business combinations, and the valuation of non-marketable equity investments. Actual results could differ from those estimates, judgments, and assumptions, and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements.

Segment Information

We operate as a single operating and reportable segment: cloud applications. Although we offer a variety of enterprise cloud solutions to a diverse global customer base, we operate in one operating segment because our business activities are managed on a consolidated basis, our service offerings all operate on the Workday platform and are deployed in a similar manner, and our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), who is our Chief Executive Officer, allocates resources and assesses performance based upon discrete financial information at the consolidated level.

Our CODM assesses performance and decides how to allocate resources based on Net income, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net income is used to evaluate the overall profitability of the business and to guide decisions on how to invest in and grow the business. Our CODM also reviews Total assets, as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and Capital expenditures, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Significant segment expenses include the costs and expenses presented on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other segment items include Other income (expense), net and Provision for (benefit from) income taxes.

Note 2. Accounting Standards and Significant Accounting Policies

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Revenue Recognition

We derive our revenues from subscription services and professional services. Revenues are recognized when control of these services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for services rendered. Revenues are recognized net of any taxes collected from customers which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities.

We determine revenue recognition through the following steps:

• Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;

• Identification of the performance obligations in the contract;

• Determination of the transaction price;

• Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

• Recognition of revenues when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation.

Subscription Services Revenues

Subscription services revenues primarily consist of fees that provide customers access to one or more of our cloud applications for financial management, spend management, human capital management, planning, and analytics, with routine customer support. Revenues are generally recognized on a ratable basis over the contract term beginning on the date that our service is made available to the customer. To date, we have not allocated any significant variable consideration to the transaction price. Our subscription contracts are generally three years or longer in length and are generally noncancelable.

Professional Services Revenues

Professional services revenues primarily consist of consulting fees for deployment and optimization services, as well as training. Our consulting contracts are billed on a time and materials basis or a fixed price basis. For contracts billed on a time and materials basis, revenues are recognized over time as the professional services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenues are recognized over time based on the proportion of the professional services performed.

Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations

Some of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. We determine the standalone selling prices based on our overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the cloud applications sold, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within our contracts.

We use a range of amounts to estimate SSP for both subscription and professional services sold together in a contract to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative SSP of the performance obligations. We use historical sales transaction data, among other factors, to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. Our SSP ranges are reassessed on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. Changes in SSP for our services can evolve over time due to changes in our pricing practices that are influenced by market competition, changes in demand for our services, and other economic factors. As our go-to-market strategies evolve, we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to SSP and may therefore impact revenue recognized in our consolidated financial statements.

Contract Balances

We generally invoice our customers annually in advance for our subscription services and in arrears for our professional services. Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type and by customer, and payment is generally required within 30 days from date of invoicing. The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing customers, and these timing differences result in trade receivables, contract assets, or contract liabilities (unearned revenue) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Trade Receivables and Contract Assets

We record a trade receivable when an unconditional right to consideration exists, such that only the passage of time is required before payment of consideration is due. A contract asset is recognized when a conditional right to consideration exists and transfer of control has occurred. The current and noncurrent portions of contract assets are included in Trade and other receivables and Other assets, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

We maintain an allowance for credit losses for expected uncollectible trade receivables and contract assets, which is recorded as an offset to trade receivables or contract assets. We assess our allowance for credit losses by taking into consideration forecasts of future economic conditions, information about past events, such as our historical trend of write-offs, and customer-specific circumstances, such as bankruptcies and disputes. The allowance for credit losses is recorded in General and administrative expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Unearned Revenue

Contract liabilities consist of unearned revenue, which is recorded when we invoice in advance of revenues being recognized from our contracts. Unearned revenue that is anticipated to be recognized during the succeeding twelve-month period is recorded as current unearned revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as noncurrent.

Fair Value Measurement

We measure our cash equivalents, marketable securities, and foreign currency derivative contracts at fair value at each reporting period using a fair value hierarchy that requires that we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. In addition, we measure our non-marketable equity investments for which there has been an impairment or an observable price change from an orderly transaction for identical or similar investments of the same issuer at fair value. A financial instrument’s classification within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

Level 2 — Other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.

Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. Our cash equivalents generally consist of investments in corporate bonds, commercial paper, and money market funds.

Debt Securities

Debt securities generally consist of investments in U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, corporate bonds, commercial paper, and asset-backed securities. We classify our debt securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase and reevaluate such classification as of each balance sheet date. We consider all debt securities as funds available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classify these securities as current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Debt securities included in Marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist of securities with original maturities at the time of purchase greater than three months, and the remaining securities are included in Cash and cash equivalents. Realized gains or losses from the sales of debt securities are based on the specific identification method.

When the fair value of a debt security is below its amortized cost, the amortized cost should be written down to its fair value if (i) it is more likely than not that management will be required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized basis or (ii) management has the intention to sell the security. If neither of these conditions are met, we must determine whether the impairment is due to credit losses. To determine the amount of credit losses, we compare the present value of the expected cash flows of the security, derived by taking into account the issuer’s credit ratings and remaining payment terms, with its amortized cost basis. The amount of impairment recognized is limited to the excess of the amortized cost over the fair value of the security. An allowance for credit losses for the excess of amortized cost over the expected cash flows is recorded in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Non-credit related losses are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”).

If quoted prices for identical instruments are available in an active market, debt securities are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. If quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets are not available, fair values are estimated using quoted prices of similar instruments and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. To date, all of our debt securities can be valued using one of these two methodologies.

Equity Investments

Non-Marketable Equity Investments Measured Using the Measurement Alternative

Non-marketable equity investments measured using the measurement alternative include investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair values in which we do not own a controlling interest or exercise significant influence. These investments are recorded at cost and are adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar securities of the same issuer or impairment events. These investments are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, we assess our non-marketable equity investments quarterly for impairment. Adjustments and impairments are recorded in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Marketable Equity Investments

We may hold marketable equity investments with readily determinable fair values over which we do not own a controlling interest or exercise significant influence. Marketable equity investments are included in Marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. They are measured using quoted prices in active markets with changes recorded in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Deferred Commissions

Sales commissions earned by our sales force are considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a contract with a customer. Sales commissions for new revenue contracts are capitalized and then amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of benefit that we have determined to be five years . We determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration our customer contracts, our technology, and other factors. Amortization expense is included in Sales and marketing expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities

We use derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency exchange risk. Derivative instruments are measured at fair value and recorded as either an asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are accounted for depending on the use of the derivative and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting. For derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges (“cash flow hedges”), which we use to hedge a portion of our forecasted foreign currency revenue and expense transactions, the gains or losses are recorded in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and subsequently reclassified to the same line item as the hedged transaction on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings. The effectiveness of the cash flow hedges is assessed quantitatively using regression at inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis. For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments (“non-designated hedges”), which we use to hedge a portion of our net outstanding monetary assets and liabilities, the gains or losses are recorded in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period incurred. Cash flows from the settlement of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges and non-designated hedges are classified as operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Our foreign currency contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments in active markets, such as currency spot and forward rates.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation, except for land which is stated at cost. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as shown in the table below. Property and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.

Business Combinations

We allocate the purchase consideration of acquired companies to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. Our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the fair value of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

In the event that we acquire a company in which we previously held an equity interest, the difference between the fair value of the shares as of the date of the acquisition and the carrying value of the equity investment is recorded as a non-cash gain or loss within Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Goodwill and Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets

Acquisition-related intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Goodwill amounts are not amortized. Acquisition-related intangible assets and goodwill are tested for impairment at least annually, and more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events.

Leases

We have entered into operating lease agreements for our office space, data centers, and other property and equipment. Operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. Right-of-use assets also include adjustments related to prepaid or deferred lease payments and lease incentives. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of lease payments.

We have elected to combine lease and non-lease components for each of our existing underlying asset classes and to exclude leases with a term of 12 months or less from our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recognize variable lease costs, including common area maintenance, utilities, real estate taxes, insurance, and other operating costs that are passed on from the lessor, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period incurred. Options to extend or terminate a lease are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options.

Treasury Stock

Treasury stock is accounted for using the cost method and recorded as a reduction to Stockholders’ equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Incremental direct costs to purchase treasury stock are included in the cost of the shares acquired.

To determine the cost of treasury stock that is either sold or re-issued, we use the first in, first out method. When treasury stock is re-issued at a price higher than its cost, the increase is recorded in Additional paid-in capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When treasury stock is re-issued at a price lower than its cost, the decrease is recorded in Additional paid-in capital to the extent that there are previously recorded increases to offset the decrease. Any decreases in excess of that amount are recorded in Accumulated deficit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Advertising Expenses

Advertising is expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $ 204 million, $ 194 million, and $ 172 million for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Share-Based Compensation

We measure and recognize compensation expense for share-based awards issued to employees and non-employees, primarily including restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and purchases under our employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”), on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

For RSUs, fair value is based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. Compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The requisite service period of the awards is generally the same as the vesting period.

For shares issued under the ESPP, fair value is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the offering period. We determine the assumptions for the option-pricing model as follows:

• Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date closest to the grant date for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the ESPP purchase rights.

• Expected Term. The expected term represents the period that our ESPP is expected to be outstanding. The expected term for the ESPP approximates the offering period.

• Volatility. The volatility is based on a blend of historical volatility and implied volatility of our common stock. Implied volatility is based on market traded options of our common stock.

• Dividend Yield. The dividend yield is assumed to be zero as we have not paid and do not expect to pay dividends.

Restructuring

Restructuring costs are associated with a formal restructuring plan and are primarily related to employee severance, the closure of facilities, and cancellation of certain contracts. For involuntary employee termination benefits not provided under an ongoing benefit arrangement, costs are recognized when the plan is communicated to the employees. For ongoing employee benefit arrangements, inclusive of statutory requirements, costs are recognized when it becomes probable that an obligation has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Costs related to contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates, and losses on owned real estate are recognized when all of the held for sale criteria are met. The liabilities for restructuring charges are generally included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities or Accrued compensation on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Income Taxes

We record a provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the net amount that is more likely than not to be realized. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for (benefit from) income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.

We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. To the extent the assessment of such tax position changes, such difference will affect the provision for (benefit from) income taxes in the period in which we make the determination. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for (benefit from) income taxes.

Warranties and Indemnification

Our cloud applications are generally warranted to perform materially in accordance with our online documentation under normal use and circumstances. Additionally, our contracts generally include provisions for indemnifying customers against liabilities if use of our cloud applications infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. We may also incur liabilities if we breach the security, privacy, and/or confidentiality obligations in our contracts. To date, we have not incurred any material costs, and we have not accrued any liabilities in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as a result of these obligations.

In our standard agreements with customers, we commit to defined levels of service availability and performance and, under certain circumstances, permit customers to receive credits in the event that we fail to meet those levels. In the event our failure to meet those levels triggers a termination right for a customer, we permit a terminating customer to receive a refund of prepaid amounts related to unused subscription services. To date, we have not experienced any significant failures to meet defined levels of availability and performance and, as a result, we have not accrued any liabilities related to these agreements on the consolidated financial statements.

Foreign Currency Exchange

The functional currency for certain of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar, while others use local currencies. We translate the foreign functional currency financial statements to U.S. dollars for those entities that do not have the U.S. dollar as their functional currency using the exchange rates at the balance sheet date for assets and liabilities, the period average exchange rates for revenues and expenses, and the historical exchange rates for equity transactions. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in AOCI on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in Other income (expense), net on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Concentrations of Risk and Significant Customers

Our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, debt securities, derivative instruments, and trade and other receivables. Our deposits exceed federally insured limits.

No customer individually accounted for more than 10% of trade and other receivables, net as of January 31, 2025, or 2024. No customer individually accounted for more than 10% of total revenues during fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023.

Other than the United States, no country individually accounted for more than 10% of total revenues during fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023.

In order to reduce the risk of disruption of our cloud applications, we have established data centers in various geographic regions. We serve our customers and users from data center facilities operated by third parties, located in the United States and Europe. We have internal procedures to restore services in the event of disruption at one of our data center facilities. Even with these procedures for disaster recovery in place, our cloud applications could be significantly interrupted during the implementation of the procedures to restore services.

In addition, we rely upon third-party hosted infrastructure partners, including Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) and Google Cloud, to serve customers globally and operate certain aspects of our services. Given this, any disruption of or interference at our hosted infrastructure partners may impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which requires enhanced segment disclosures primarily focusing on significant segment expenses. This ASU also requires public entities with a single reportable segment to provide all the disclosures required by the updated standard and all existing segment disclosures in Topic 280 on an interim and annual basis. These amendments do not change how a public entity identifies its operating and reportable segments. We adopted this ASU effective February 1, 2024. For further information, see Note 1, Overview and Basis of Presentation .

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Disclosures , which requires disclosure of disaggregated income taxes paid, prescribes standard categories for the components of the effective tax rate reconciliation, and modifies other income tax-related disclosures. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The updated standard allows for adoption on a prospective basis, with a retrospective option. We do not intend to early adopt, and are currently evaluating the impacts of the updated standard.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires the disclosure of additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The updated standard allows for adoption on a prospective or retrospective basis. We are currently evaluating the impacts of the updated standard.

Note 3. Investments

Debt Securities

As of January 31, 2025, debt securities consisted of the following (in millions):

As of January 31, 2024, debt securities consisted of the following (in millions):

The fair values of debt securities, by remaining contractual maturity, were as follows (in millions):

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have certain prepayment conditions.

Interest receivable of $ 53 million and $ 35 million is included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

The unrealized losses on our debt securities primarily resulted from changes in market interest rates. We do not intend to sell these debt securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be at maturity. We did not recognize any credit-related losses on our debt securities during the periods presented. The following tables summarize the aggregate fair value and gross unrealized losses for all debt securities in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):

We sold $ 273 million, $ 59 million, and $ 98 million of debt securities during fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023, respectively. The realized gains and losses from the sales were immaterial.

Equity Investments

Equity investments consisted of the following (in millions):

Total realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with our equity investments consisted of the following (in millions):

(1) Reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity investments at the beginning of the fiscal year.

Non-Marketable Equity Investments Measured Using the Measurement Alternative

The carrying values for our non-marketable equity investments are summarized below (in millions):

In fiscal 2025, we recorded losses related to impairments and exits of $ 18 million, upward adjustments of $ 5 million, and downward adjustments of $ 5 million on our non-marketable equity investments. In fiscal 2024, we recorded impairment losses of $ 30 million. In fiscal 2023, we recorded upward adjustments of $ 8 million and impairment losses of $ 16 million.

Marketable Equity Investments

We held no marketable equity investments in fiscal 2025. During fiscal 2024, we sold marketable equity investments for proceeds of $ 87 million, with corresponding realized gains of $ 6 million.

During fiscal 2023, we sold marketable equity investments for proceeds of $ 6 million, and the realized gains from the sales were not material. Additionally, we recorded unrealized net losses of $ 18 million on marketable equity investments held as of January 31, 2023.

Note 4. Fair Value Measurements

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following table presents information about our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their assigned levels within the valuation hierarchy as of January 31, 2025 (in millions):

The following table presents information about our assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and their assigned levels within the valuation hierarchy as of January 31, 2024 (in millions):

Non-Marketable Equity Investments Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis

Non-marketable equity investments that have been remeasured due to an observable event or impairment are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on valuation methods which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations of the investments we hold. For further information, see Note 3, Investments .

Fair Value Measurements of Other Financial Instruments

We carry our debt at face value less unamortized debt discount and issuance costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and present the fair value for disclosure purposes only. The fair values of all of our debt obligations are categorized as Level 2 financial instruments. For further information on the fair values of our debt and the inputs used in the calculations, see Note 11, Debt .

Note 5. Deferred Costs

Deferred costs, which consist of deferred sales commissions, were $ 828 million and $ 741 million as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Amortization expense for the deferred costs was $ 251 million, $ 213 million, and $ 175 million for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. There was no impairment loss in relation to the costs capitalized for the periods presented.

Note 6. Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):

Depreciation expense totaled $ 243 million, $ 203 million, and $ 275 million for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Note 7. Business Combinations

Evisort Acquisition

On October 8, 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of Evisort Inc. (“Evisort”), a provider of an AI-native document intelligence platform. With Evisort, we intend to add AI-powered document intelligence solutions across our suite of finance and HCM applications. We have included the financial results of Evisort in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.

The total acquisition-date fair value of the purchase consideration was $ 311 million, which was paid in cash. We recorded developed technology intangible assets of $ 44 million (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of 6 years), customer relationships intangible assets of $ 28 million (to be amortized over an estimated useful life of 14 years), and goodwill of $ 223 million. The goodwill recognized was primarily attributable to the expected synergies from integrating Evisort’s technology into our product portfolio. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be subject to change over the measurement period as additional information is received and certain tax matters are finalized. The measurement period will end no later than one year from the acquisition date.

Separate operating results and pro forma results of operations for Evisort have not been presented as the effect of this acquisition was not material to our financial results.

HiredScore Acquisition

On March 29, 2024, we acquired all outstanding stock of HiredScore, Inc. (“HiredScore”), a provider of AI-powered talent orchestration solutions. With HiredScore, Workday provides customers with a comprehensive, transparent, and intelligent talent acquisition and internal mobility offering, helping them better address their ever-evolving people needs. We have included the financial results of HiredScore in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.

The total acquisition-date fair value of the purchase consideration was $ 530 million, which was paid in cash. The purchase consideration was preliminarily allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, with the excess recorded to goodwill. The fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed may be subject to change over the measurement period as additional information is received and certain tax matters are finalized. The primary areas that are subject to change include income taxes payable and deferred taxes. The measurement period will end no later than one year from the acquisition date. The preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of acquisition were as follows (in millions):

The fair values and weighted-average useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in millions, except years):

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and the expected synergies from integrating HiredScore’s technology into our product portfolio. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

Separate operating results and pro forma results of operations for HiredScore have not been presented as the effect of this acquisition was not material to our financial results.

Note 8. Acquisition-Related Intangible Assets, Net

Acquisition-related intangible assets, net consisted of the following as of January 31, 2025 (in millions):

Acquisition-related intangible assets, net consisted of the following as of January 31, 2024 (in millions):

Amortization expense related to acquisition-related intangible assets was $ 79 million, $ 74 million, and $ 86 million for fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

As of January 31, 2025, our future estimated amortization expense related to acquisition-related intangible assets was as follows (in millions):

Note 9. Other Assets

Other assets consisted of the following (in millions):

Technology patents and other intangible assets with estimable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis. As of January 31, 2025, the future estimated amortization expense was as follows (in millions):

Note 10. Derivative Instruments

We conduct business on a global basis in multiple foreign currencies, subjecting Workday to foreign currency exchange risk. To mitigate this risk, we utilize derivative hedging contracts as described below. We do not enter into any derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.

Cash Flow Hedges

We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our forecasted revenue and expense transactions. We designate these forward contracts as cash flow hedging instruments since the accounting criteria for such designation has been met.

As of January 31, 2025, we estimate that $ 23 million of net gains recorded in AOCI related to our cash flow hedges will be reclassified into income within the next 12 months.

As of January 31, 2025, and 2024, the notional values of the cash flow hedges that we held to buy U.S. dollars in exchange for other currencies were $ 2.8 billion and $ 2.5 billion, respectively. The notional values of the cash flow hedges that we held to sell U.S. dollars in exchange for other currencies were $ 420 million and $ 399 million as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. All contracts had maturities of less than 60 months.

Non-Designated Hedges

We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of our net outstanding monetary assets and liabilities. These forward contracts are intended to offset foreign currency gains or losses associated with the underlying monetary assets and liabilities and are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.

As of January 31, 2025, and 2024, the notional values of the non-designated hedges that we held to buy U.S. dollars in exchange for other currencies were $ 242 million and $ 237 million, respectively, and the notional values of the non-designated hedges that we held to sell U.S. dollars in exchange for other currencies were $ 91 million and $ 11 million, respectively.

The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):

The effect of cash flow hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows (in millions):

Pre-tax gains (losses) associated with cash flow hedges were as follows (in millions):

Gains (losses) associated with non-designated hedges were as follows (in millions):

We are subject to netting agreements with all of the counterparties of the foreign exchange contracts, under which we are permitted to net settle transactions of the same currency with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. It is our policy to present the derivatives gross on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our foreign currency forward contracts are not subject to any credit contingent features or collateral requirements. We manage our exposure to counterparty risk by entering into contracts with a diversified group of major financial institutions and by actively monitoring outstanding positions.

As of January 31, 2025, information related to these offsetting arrangements was as follows (in millions):

Note 11. Debt

Outstanding debt consisted of the following (in millions):

As of January 31, 2025, the future principal payments for the outstanding debt were as follows (in millions):

Senior Notes

In fiscal 2023, we issued $ 3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $ 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500 % notes due April 1, 2027 (“2027 Notes”), $ 750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.700 % notes due April 1, 2029 (“2029 Notes”), and $ 1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.800 % notes due April 1, 2032 (“2032 Notes,” and together with the 2027 Notes and the 2029 Notes, “Senior Notes”). Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, which commenced in October 2022.

The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations and rank equally with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Workday. We may redeem the Senior Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time, at specified redemption dates and prices. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events, we may be required to repurchase the Senior Notes under specified terms. The indenture governing the Senior Notes also includes covenants (including certain limited covenants restricting our ability to incur certain liens and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions), events of default, and other customary provisions. As of January 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all covenants associated with the Senior Notes.

We incurred debt discount and issuance costs of approximately $ 27 million in connection with the Senior Notes offering, which were allocated on a pro rata basis to the 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes, and 2032 Notes. The debt discount and issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest rate method, to interest expense over the contractual term of each arrangement. The effective interest rates on the 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes, and 2032 Notes, which are calculated as the contractual interest rates adjusted for the debt discount and issuance costs, are 3.67 %, 3.82 %, and 3.90 %, respectively.

As of both January 31, 2025, and 2024, the total estimated fair value of the Senior Notes was $ 2.8 billion. The estimated fair values of the Senior Notes, which we have classified as Level 2 financial instruments, were determined based on quoted bid prices in an over-the-counter market on the last trading day of the reporting period.

Credit Agreement

In fiscal 2023, we entered into a credit agreement (“2022 Credit Agreement”) which provides for a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $ 1.0 billion. The 2022 Credit Agreement replaced the credit agreement entered into in fiscal 2021 (“2020 Credit Agreement”), which provided for a term loan facility in an aggregate original principal amount of $ 750 million and a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $ 750 million. Concurrently with entering into the 2022 Credit Agreement, we paid off the remaining principal balance of $ 694 million on the term loan under the 2020 Credit Agreement and terminated the revolving credit facility under the 2020 Credit Agreement which had no outstanding balance. The modification to our revolving credit facility and extinguishment of the term loan under the 2020 Credit Agreement did not have a material impact to our Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2023.

As of January 31, 2025, and 2024, we had no outstanding revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement may be borrowed, repaid, and reborrowed until April 6, 2027, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. The revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement will bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a margin of 0.000 % to 0.500 % or a secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) plus 10 basis points, plus a margin of 0.750 % to 1.500 %, with such margin being determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio or debt rating. We are also obligated to pay an ongoing commitment fee on undrawn amounts.

The 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants, including a financial covenant, events of default, and indemnification provisions in favor of the lenders. The negative covenants include restrictions on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, certain merger transactions, and other matters, all subject to certain exceptions. The financial covenant, based on a quarterly financial test, requires that we do not exceed a maximum leverage ratio of 3.50 :1.00, subject to a step-up to 4.50 :1.00 at our election for a certain period following an acquisition. As of January 31, 2025, and 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants included in the 2022 Credit Agreement.

Convertible Senior Notes

2022 Notes

In fiscal 2018, we issued 0.25 % convertible senior notes due October 1, 2022, with a principal amount of $ 1.15 billion. The 2022 Notes were unsecured, unsubordinated obligations, and interest was payable in cash in arrears at a fixed rate of 0.25 % on April 1 and October 1 of each year. During fiscal 2023, the 2022 Notes were converted by note holders, and we repaid the $ 1.15 billion principal balance in cash. We also distributed approximately 0.6 million shares of our Class A common stock to note holders during fiscal 2023, which represented the conversion value in excess of the principal amount.

Notes Hedges

In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions (“Purchased Options”) which gave us the option to purchase, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially identical to those in the 2022 Notes, approximately 7.8 million shares of our Class A common stock, respectively, for $ 147.10 per share. During fiscal 2023, we received approximately 0.6 million shares of our Class A common stock from the exercise of the Purchased Options, which offset the economic dilution to our Class A common stock upon conversion of the 2022 Notes. These shares were recorded as Treasury stock on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Purchased Options were separate transactions and were not part of the terms of the 2022 Notes, and the unexercised Purchased Options expired on October 1, 2022.

Warrants

In connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes, we also entered into transactions to sell warrants (“Warrants”) to acquire, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, up to approximately 7.8 million shares of our Class A common stock over 60 scheduled trading days beginning in January 2023 at an exercise price of $ 213.96 per share. During fiscal 2024, the Warrants fully expired without exercise.

Interest Expense on Debt

The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized related to our debt (in millions):

Note 12. Leases

We have entered into operating lease agreements for our office space, data centers, and other property and equipment. Operating lease right-of-use assets were $ 336 million and $ 289 million as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, and operating lease liabilities were $ 378 million and $ 316 million as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

The components of operating lease expense were as follows (in millions):

Supplemental cash flow information related to our operating leases was as follows (in millions):

Other information related to our operating leases was as follows:

As of January 31, 2025, maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows (in millions):

As of January 31, 2025, we have additional operating leases for data centers and office space that had not yet commenced with total undiscounted lease payments of $ 52 million. These operating leases will commence in fiscal 2026, with lease terms ranging from approximately five to ten years .

Note 13. Commitments and Contingencies

Purchase Obligations

Our purchase obligations are primarily related to agreements for third-party hosted infrastructure platforms, data center equipment and software, business technology software and support, and sales and marketing activities. These obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding, and specify all significant terms and the approximate timing of the payments. For purchase obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the following table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fees.

Future payments under purchase obligations with a remaining term in excess of one year as of January 31, 2025, were as follows (in millions):

Legal Matters

We are a party to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. We make a provision for a liability relating to legal matters when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. These provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impacts of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. In our opinion, as of January 31, 2025, there was not at least a reasonable possibility that we had incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to such loss contingencies.

Note 14. Stockholders’ Equity

Common Stock

As of January 31, 2025, there were 215 million shares of Class A common stock, net of treasury stock, and 51 million shares of Class B common stock outstanding. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Each share of Class B common stock can be converted into a share of Class A common stock at any time at the option of the holder. All of our Class A and Class B shares will convert to a single class of common stock upon the date that is the first to occur of (i) October 17, 2032, (ii) such time as the shares of Class B common stock represent less than 9 % of the outstanding Class A common stock and Class B common stock, (iii) nine months following the death of both Mr. Duffield and Mr. Bhusri, and (iv) the date on which the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock elect to convert all shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock into a single class of common stock.

Share Repurchase Programs

In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $ 1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock (“August 2024 Share Repurchase Program”). Under this program, in accordance with applicable securities laws and other restrictions, we may repurchase shares of our Class A common stock through open market purchases, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means. The timing and total amount of share repurchases will depend upon business, economic, and market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, prevailing stock prices, and other considerations. The August 2024 Share Repurchase Program has no expiration date, may be suspended or discontinued at any time, and does not obligate us to acquire any amount of Class A common stock.

Prior to the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, our Board of Directors authorized a $ 500 million share repurchase program in February 2024, which we completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, and a $ 500 million share repurchase program in November 2022, which we completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2025.

The table below sets forth information regarding our share repurchase programs (in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands, and per share data):

All repurchases were made in open market transactions. As of January 31, 2025, we were authorized to repurchase a remaining $ 802 million of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock under the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program.

Employee Equity Plans

In June 2022, our stockholders approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (“2022 Plan”), with a reserve of 30 million shares for issuance. The 2022 Plan serves as the successor to our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (“2012 Plan” and, together with the 2022 Plan, “Stock Plans”). Awards that are granted on or after the effective date of the 2022 Plan will be granted pursuant to and subject to the terms and provisions of the 2022 Plan. Prior awards granted under the 2012 Plan continue to be subject to the terms and provisions of the 2012 Plan. Shares that are withheld in connection with the net share settlement of RSUs or forfeited are added to the reserves of the 2022 Plan. As of January 31, 2025, we had 17 million shares of Class A common stock available for future grants.

In June 2022, our stockholders approved the Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“2012 ESPP”). Under the 2012 ESPP, eligible employees are granted options to purchase shares at the lower of 85 % of the fair market value of the stock at the time of grant or 85 % of the fair market value at the time of exercise. Options to purchase shares are granted twice yearly on or about June 1 and December 1, and are exercisable on or about the succeeding November 30 and May 31, respectively. As of January 31, 2025, 2 million shares of Class A common stock were available for issuance under the 2012 ESPP.

Restricted Stock Units

The Stock Plans provide for the issuance of RSUs to employees and non-employees. RSUs generally vest over four years . RSU activity during fiscal 2025 was as follows (in thousands, except per share data):

(1) Includes shares withheld in connection with the net share settlement of RSUs.

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 252.18 , $ 197.22 , and $ 200.98 , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested as of the vesting dates during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 1.1 billion, $ 1.4 billion, and $ 977 million, respectively.

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we modified the vesting date of all unvested RSU awards from the 15th to the 5th of each month. This change impacted awards vesting after December 31, 2022, and resulted in an acceleration of share-based compensation expense in fiscal 2023 of $ 28 million.

As of January 31, 2025, there was a total of $ 2.4 billion in unrecognized compensation cost, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately three years .

Market-Based Restricted Stock Units

In December 2022, 0.3 million shares of market-based RSUs were granted to Mr. Eschenbach in connection with his appointment as Co-CEO that vest based on appreciation of the price of our Class A common stock over a multi-year period and upon continued service (“PVU Award”). We estimated the fair value of the PVU Award on the grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation model with the following assumptions: (i) expected volatility of 40 %, (ii) risk-free interest rate of 4 %, and (iii) total performance period of six years . The weighted-average grant date fair value of the PVU Award was $ 124.80 per share. We recognize expense for the PVU Award over the requisite service period of five years using the accelerated attribution method. Provided that the requisite service is rendered, the total fair value of the PVU Award at the date of grant is recognized as compensation expense even if the market condition is not achieved. However, the number of shares that ultimately vest can vary significantly with the achievement of the specified market criteria.

As of January 31, 2025, there was a total of $ 9 million in unrecognized compensation cost related to the PVU Award, which is expected to be recognized over approximately three years .

Stock Options

The Stock Plans provide for the issuance of incentive and nonstatutory stock options to employees and non-employees. Stock options issued under the Stock Plans generally are exercisable for periods not to exceed ten years and generally vest over five years .

As of January 31, 2025, there were 0.1 million options outstanding and exercisable with a weighted-average exercise price of $ 28.97 , and an aggregate intrinsic value of $ 17 million. All stock options were fully vested, with no remaining unrecognized compensation cost.

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 4 million, $ 5 million, and $ 41 million, respectively. The intrinsic value is the difference between the current fair value of the stock and the exercise price of the stock option.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

For fiscal 2025, approximately 1 million shares of Class A common shares were purchased under the 2012 ESPP at a weighted-average price of $ 179.61 per share, resulting in cash proceeds of $ 186 million.

The fair value of stock purchase rights granted under the 2012 ESPP was estimated using the following assumptions:

Tax Benefits on Share-Based Compensation

In fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, we recognized tax benefits on share-based compensation expense of $ 277 million, $ 257 million, and $ 17 million, respectively, which are reflected in the Provision for (benefit from) income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Note 15. Contract Balances and Performance Obligations

Contract Balances

Contract assets and unearned revenue balances were as follows (in millions):

(1) Included in this balance are amounts related to professional services that are subject to cancellation and pro-rated refund rights of $ 83 million and $ 76 million as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

Revenues of $ 4.0 billion, $ 3.5 billion, and $ 3.0 billion were recognized during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, that were included in the unearned revenue balances at the beginning of the respective periods.

Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations

As of January 31, 2025, approximately $ 25.1 billion of revenues are expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for subscription contracts. We expect to recognize revenues on approximately $ 7.6 billion and $ 13.6 billion of these remaining performance obligations over the next 12 and 24 months, respectively, with the balance recognized thereafter. Revenues from remaining performance obligations for professional services contracts as of January 31, 2025, were not material.

Note 16. Other Income (Expense), Net

Other income (expense), net consisted of the following (in millions):

(1) Interest expense primarily includes the contractual interest expense of our debt obligations, and the related non-cash interest expense attributable to amortization of the debt discount and issuance costs. For further information, see Note 11, Debt .

(2) Other primarily includes the net gains (losses) from our equity investments. For further information, see Note 3, Investments .

Note 17. Income Taxes

The components of income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes were as follows (in millions):

The provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):

The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory income tax rate and the provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following:

The income tax provision for fiscal 2025 was primarily attributable to an increase in our U.S. pretax income and income tax expenses in profitable foreign jurisdictions.

Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows (in millions):

We periodically evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence, both positive and negative, such as historic results, future reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, as well as prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies. The assessment requires significant judgement and is performed in each of the applicable jurisdictions. The remaining valuation allowance of $ 1.3 billion and $ 1.2 billion as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, was primarily related to tax credits in certain state jurisdictions and net operating loss in certain foreign jurisdictions.

The valuation allowance increased by $ 77 million during fiscal 2025 primarily due to an increase in deferred tax assets on certain state tax credits and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions.

The valuation allowance decreased by $ 1.2 billion during fiscal 2024 primarily due to the release of the valuation allowance against all U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets, excluding certain state tax credits.

As of January 31, 2025, we had approximately $ 378 million of federal, $ 1.4 billion of state, and $ 3.9 billion of foreign net operating loss and other tax attributes carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. If not utilized, the pre-fiscal 2018 federal and the state net operating loss carryforwards expire in varying amounts between fiscal 2029 and 2043. The federal net operating losses generated in and after fiscal 2018 and the foreign net operating losses and other tax attributes do not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely.

We also had approximately $ 480 million of federal and $ 415 million of California research and development tax credit carryforwards as of January 31, 2025. The federal credits expire in varying amounts between fiscal 2036 and 2045. The California research and development tax credits do not expire and may be carried forward indefinitely.

Our ability to utilize the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in the future may be subject to substantial restrictions in the event of past or future ownership changes as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state tax law.

We intend to permanently reinvest any future earnings in our foreign operations unless such earnings are subject to U.S. federal income taxes. As of January 31, 2025, we estimate any such hypothetical foreign withholding tax expense to be immaterial to our financial statements.

A reconciliation of the gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):

Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within our provision for income taxes. We did no t accrue any material interest expense or penalties during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits of $ 309 million, $ 184 million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate as of January 31, 2025.

We file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Due to our net operating loss carryforwards, our income tax returns generally remain subject to examination by federal and most state and foreign tax authorities.

Note 18. Net Income (Loss) Per Share

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, net of treasury stock. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive shares of common stock, including outstanding share-based awards consisting primarily of unvested RSUs and ESPP obligations, our convertible senior notes, and outstanding warrants related to the issuance of convertible senior notes. We determine the dilutive effect of outstanding share-based awards and warrants using the treasury stock method, and the dilutive effect of shares underlying our convertible senior notes using the if-converted method.

The net income (loss) per share is allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A common shares and Class B common shares as if the income (loss) for the period had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the net income (loss) is allocated on a proportionate basis. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock, while the diluted net income (loss) per share of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.

Basic and diluted net loss per share was the same for fiscal 2023, as the inclusion of potentially outstanding weighted-average shares of common stock would have been anti-dilutive due to the incurrence of net loss during the period.

The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in millions, except number of shares, which are reflected in thousands, and per share data):

The computation of diluted net income (loss) per share does not include the effect of the following potentially outstanding weighted-average shares of common stock. The effects of these potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):

Note 19. Geographic Information

Revenues

We sell our subscription contracts and related services in two primary geographical markets: to customers located in the United States and to customers located outside of the United States. Revenues by geography are generally based on the address of the customer as specified in our customer subscription agreement. The following table sets forth revenues by geographic area (in millions):

Long-Lived Assets

Our long-lived assets are attributed to a country based on the physical location of the assets. We define long-lived assets as property and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets because many of these assets cannot be readily moved and are relatively illiquid, subjecting them to geographic risk. None of our other assets are subject to significant geographic risk. Aggregate Property and equipment, net and Operating lease right-of-use assets by geographic area was as follows (in millions):

Note 20. Defined Contribution Plans

We provide defined contribution plans for eligible employees, including a 401(k) plan in the United States and similar plans in certain other countries. Our contributions to these plans were $ 116 million, $ 101 million, and $ 86 million during fiscal 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Note 21. Restructuring

In February 2025, we announced a restructuring plan (“Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan”) intended to prioritize our investments and continue advancing our ongoing focus on durable growth. This plan is currently expected to result in the elimination of approximately 8 % of our workforce. In connection with this plan, we expect to exit certain owned office space. The activities associated with this plan are expected to be substantially complete by the second quarter of fiscal 2026, subject to local law and consultation requirements.

We estimate that we will incur approximately $ 230 million to $ 250 million in charges in connection with this plan, of which $ 65 million was recognized in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, and the remainder is expected to be recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2026. The total charges consist of approximately $ 200 million to $ 210 million related to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and share-based compensation, and the balance is related to an impairment of office space.

The following table summarizes the activity under the Fiscal 2026 Restructuring Plan during fiscal 2025 (in millions):

Additionally, during fiscal 2025, we recorded exit charges of $ 19 million associated with office space reductions under a separate restructuring plan.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report.

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.

Based on management’s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2025, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8, and is incorporated herein by reference.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there has not been any material change in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

(d) Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.

See Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting above and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on our internal control over financial reporting in Part II, Item 8, which are incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Insider Trading Arrangements

During the three months ended January 31, 2025, no directors and/or officers of Workday adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in item 408(a) of Regulation S-K intending to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

None.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information concerning our directors, our Audit Committee, and any changes to the process by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors required by this Item are incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, including under the captions “Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors” and “Directors and Corporate Governance.”

The information concerning our executive officers required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including under the caption “Executive Officers and Other Executive Management.”

With regard to the information required by this Item regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we will provide disclosure of delinquent Section 16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement, and such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a code of ethics, our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, our principal accounting officer, and all other executive officers. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.workday.com/codeofconduct . A copy may also be obtained without charge by contacting Investor Relations, Workday, Inc., 6110 Stoneridge Mall Road, Pleasanton, California 94588 or by emailing ir@workday.com.

We plan to post on our website at the address described above any amendments from or waivers to any provision of our Code of Conduct that applies to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, our principal accounting officer, and all other executive officers.

We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and other transactions of Workday securities by our directors, officers, and employees, as well as Workday itself. Workday believes that its Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of the Workday Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this report.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including under the captions “Directors and Corporate Governance," “Executive Compensation,” and “Summary Compensation Table.”

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including under the captions “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including under the captions “Directors and Corporate Governance,” “Related Party Transactions,” and “Employment Arrangements and Indemnification Agreements.”

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including under the caption “Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.”

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

1. Consolidated Financial Statements

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 herein.

2. Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule.

3. Exhibits

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Pleasanton, State of California, on this 11th day of March, 2025.

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Zane Rowe or Richard H. Sauer, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that either of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
