Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on their evaluation as of January 26, 2025, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 26, 2025.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 26, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began an upgrade of our ERP system, which will update much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records used to report operating results. The upgrade will occur in phases. We will continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected.

Item 9B. Other Information

The following members of our Board of Directors and/or officers adopted , modified or terminated a trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), or a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement:

*The Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement was adopted on September 27, 2024 for sales through March 31, 2026. No shares were sold under the plan prior to termination.

**Estimated assuming our closing stock price as of January 24, 2025. The number of shares is based on an estimate because the plan specifies a formulaic dollar amount of shares to be sold.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not Applicable.

Part III

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, or the 2025 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2025, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Identification of Directors

Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Identification of Executive Officers

Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.

Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts

Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors

Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Code of Conduct

Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conduct and Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. If we make any amendments to either code, or grant any waiver from a provision of either code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on Form 8-K. The contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Insider Trading Policy

The information required by Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the heading “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.”

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Director Compensation,” and “Compensation Committee Report,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Ownership of NVIDIA Securities

Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Part IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 26, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 26, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories and Excess Product Purchase Commitments

As described in Notes 1, 9 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventory for excess or obsolete inventory and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of the Company’s inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. As of January 26, 2025, the Company’s consolidated inventories balance was $10.1 billion and the Company’s consolidated outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations balance was $30.8 billion, of which a significant portion relates to inventory purchase obligations.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including developing assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments; evaluating the appropriateness of management’s approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) current and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) changes in technology.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California

February 26, 2025

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2004.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Income

(In millions, except per share data)

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(In millions)

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(In millions, except par value)

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(In millions)

See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Our Company

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.

All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.

Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.

In June 2024, we executed a ten-for-one stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award, and per share amounts and related shareholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.

Fiscal Year

We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 were all 52-week years.

Principles of Consolidation

Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, cash equivalents and marketable securities, goodwill, income taxes, inventories and product purchase commitments, investigation and settlement costs, litigation, non-marketable equity securities, other contingencies, property, plant, and equipment, restructuring and other charges, revenue recognition, and stock-based compensation. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable.

Revenue Recognition

We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloud services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. Payment from customers, per our standard payment terms, is generally due shortly after delivery of products, availability of software licenses or commencement of services.

Product Sales Revenue

Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware, and/or software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected from customers.

For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to accurately reflect our estimated exposure for product returns.

Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, and MDFs which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and are designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such programs for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

License and Development Arrangements

Our license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our IP components. As a result, we recognize the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in which the development services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision for such loss in that period.

Software Licensing

Our software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchase either perpetual licenses or subscriptions to licenses, which differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Software licenses are frequently sold along with support, which includes the right to receive, on a when-and-if available basis, future unspecified software updates and upgrades. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the customer. Software support revenue is recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed.

Cloud Services

Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software and hardware infrastructure without taking possession of the software or hardware, are provided on a subscription basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based cloud services is recognized ratably over the contract period. Revenue related to cloud services based on usage is recognized as usage occurs. Cloud services are typically sold on a standalone basis, but certain offerings may be sold with hardware and/or software and related support.

Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations

Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract.

We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. When determining standalone selling price, we maximize the use of observable inputs.

Product Warranties

We offer a limited warranty to end-users ranging from one to three years for products to repair or replace products for manufacturing defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We also accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.

Stock-based Compensation

We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and performance stock units, or PSUs, that are based on our corporate financial performance targets. We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of PSUs that are based on our stock performance compared to market performance, or market-based PSUs. The compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee service period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model based on performance targets probable of achievement. We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.

Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs

We currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

investigations or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional costs. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss.

Foreign Currency Remeasurement

We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.

Income Taxes

We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.

Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S., or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.

As of January 26, 2025, we had a valuation allowance of $ 1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.

We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.

Net Income Per Share

Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method. Any anti-dilutive effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted net income per share.

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months when purchased and publicly-held equity securities. We classify these investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current operations.

We classify our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in the Other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Available-for-sale debt securities are subject to impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the Other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Publicly-held equity securities have readily determinable fair values with changes in fair value recorded in Other income (expense), net.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short maturities as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024. Marketable debt and equity securities are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.

Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio maturities. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.

Inventories

Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable purchase commitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or excess inventory.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of two to seven years . Once an asset is identified for retirement or disposition, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years . Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.

Leases

We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included in operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments over the lease term.

Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Goodwill

Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. In completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis.

Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting units.

The quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. The income and market valuation approaches consider factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates, residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business.

Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets

Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology and customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from one to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method.

Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The recoverability of assets or asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated.

Business Combination

We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.

Non-Marketable Equity Securities

Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in privately-held companies that do not have a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the measurement alternative based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity securities, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement

In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of significant expenses in operating segments. We adopted this standard in our fiscal year 2025 annual report. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In December 2023, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which includes new and updated income tax disclosures, including disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. We expect to adopt this standard in our fiscal year 2026 annual report. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements other than additional disclosures.

In November 2024, the FASB issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of certain additional expense information on an annual and interim basis, including, among other items, the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We expect to adopt this standard in our fiscal year 2028 annual report. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements other than additional disclosures.

Note 2 - Business Combination

Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement

In February 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp, or SoftBank, announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquired Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate it due to significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We recorded an acquisition termination cost of $ 1.4 billion in fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing.

Note 3 - Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation expense is associated with RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and our ESPP.

Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts capitalized into inventory and subsequently recognized to cost of revenue, as follows:

Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The following is a summary of equity awards granted under our equity incentive plans:

As of January 26, 2025, aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense was $ 11.6 billion, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.2 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and one year for ESPP.

The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following assumptions:

For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interest rate assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the expected term. Our expected stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.

Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.

Equity Incentive Program

We grant RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.

Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan

In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2007 Plan.

The 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. Only our employees may receive incentive stock options. We grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan. As of January 26, 2025, up to 274 million shares of our common stock could be issued pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, and 1.4 billion shares were available for future grants.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs vest generally over four years subject to continued service. PSUs vest over four years , subject to continued service and performance conditions. Market-based PSUs vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant subject to market conditions. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is determined by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined criteria.

Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2012 Plan.

Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15 % of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. Starting in March 2025, employees may have up to 25 % of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board may decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is about 24 months, divided into four purchase periods of six months . The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85 % of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock on each purchase date within the offering. As of January 26, 2025, we had 2.2 billion shares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan.

Equity Award Activity

The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans:

As of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, there were 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion shares, respectively, of common stock available for future grants under our equity incentive plans.

The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023, was $ 15.1 billion, $ 8.2 billion, and $ 4.3 billion, respectively.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 4 - Net Income Per Share

The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented:

(1) Net income divided by basic weighted average shares.

(2) Net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.

Note 5 - Goodwill

As of January 26, 2025, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $ 5.2 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Compute & Networking and Graphics reporting units of $ 4.8 billion and $ 370 million, respectively. As of January 28, 2024, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $ 4.4 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Compute & Networking and Graphics reporting units of $ 4.1 billion and $ 370 million, respectively. Goodwill increased by $ 758 million in fiscal year 2025 from acquisitions and was allocated to our Compute & Networking reporting unit. During the fourth quarters of fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, we completed our annual qualitative impairment tests and concluded that goodwill was no t impaired.

Note 6 - Amortizable Intangible Assets

The components of our amortizable intangible assets are as follows:

Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 593 million, $ 614 million, and $ 699 million, respectively.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of January 26, 2025:

Note 7 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities:

(1) Fair value adjustments on publicly-held equity securities are recorded in net income. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, publicly-held equity securities from investments in non-affiliated entities included in other assets (long term) were classified in marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Net unrealized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities held at period end were $ 163 million for fiscal year 2025. Net unrealized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities held at period end were not significant for fiscal years 2024 and 2023.

Net realized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold were $ 88 million for fiscal year 2025, reflecting the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Realized gains and losses on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were not significant.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The following tables provide the breakdown of unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities have been in a continuous loss position:

Gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, driven primarily by changes in interest rates.

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities included in cash equivalents and marketable securities are shown below by contractual maturity.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 8 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Non-marketable Equity Securities

The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or market prices of similar assets from active markets. We review fair value classification on a quarterly basis.

(1) Liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs.

Non-marketable Equity Securities

Our non-marketable equity securities are recorded in long-term other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and valued under the measurement alternative. Gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities during fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

Non-marketable equity securities had cumulative gross unrealized gains of $ 1.1 billion and $ 270 million, and cumulative gross unrealized losses and impairments of $ 105 million and $ 45 million on securities held as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.

In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, one of our private company investments completed a secondary equity transaction that resulted in an unrealized gain of $ 565 million.

Note 9 - Balance Sheet Components

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. Two direct customers accounted for 17 % and 16 % of our accounts receivable balance as of January 26, 2025. Two direct customers accounted for 24 % and 11 % of our accounts receivable balance as of January 28, 2024.

Certain balance sheet components are as follows:

(1) In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we recorded an inventory provision of $ 1.6 billion and $ 774 million, respectively, in cost of revenue.

(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset.

(B) The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years . Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s estimated useful life or the expected remaining lease term.

(C) Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance sheet date.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 1.3 billion, $ 894 million, and $ 844 million, respectively.

Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $ 410 million and $ 400 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.

Property, equipment and intangible assets acquired by assuming related liabilities during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 525 million, $ 170 million, and $ 374 million, respectively.

(1) Prepaid supply and capacity agreements of $ 3.3 billion and $ 2.5 billion were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.

(1) In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we recorded an expense of approximately $ 2.0 billion and $ 1.4 billion, respectively, in cost of revenue.

(2) Includes customer advances and unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support, cloud services, and license and development arrangements. The balance as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024 included $ 81 million and $ 233 million of customer advances, respectively.

(1) Income tax payable is comprised of the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable, unrecognized tax benefits, and related interest and penalties.

(2) Includes unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support and cloud services.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Deferred Revenue

The following table shows the changes in short- and long-term deferred revenue during fiscal years 2025 and 2024:

(1) Deferred revenue additions includes $ 3.6 billion and $ 783 million related to customer advances for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.

(2) Revenue recognized includes $ 3.7 billion and $ 585 million related to customer advances for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.

We recognized revenue of $ 729 million and $ 338 million in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively, that were included in the prior year end deferred revenue balance.

As of January 26, 2025, revenue related to remaining performance obligations from contracts greater than one year in length was $ 1.7 billion, which includes $ 1.6 billion from deferred revenue and $ 151 million which has not yet been billed nor recognized as revenue. Approximately 39 % of revenue from contracts greater than one year in length will be recognized over the next twelve months .

Note 10 - Derivative Financial Instruments

We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. The foreign currency forward contracts for operating expenses are designated as accounting hedges. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings. In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, the impact of foreign currency forward contracts designated as accounting hedges on other comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective.

We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts mitigating the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities. For our foreign currency contracts for assets and liabilities, the change in fair value of these non-designated contracts was recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which was also recorded in other income or expense.

The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency contracts outstanding:

The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency contracts were not significant as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024.

As of January 26, 2025, all foreign currency contracts mature within 18 months. The expected realized gains and losses deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months were not significant.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 11 - Debt

Long-Term Debt

(1) In fiscal year 2025, we repaid the 0.584 % Notes Due 2024.

Our notes are unsecured senior obligations. Existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium. The maturity of the notes is calendar year.

As of January 26, 2025, we complied with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding notes.

Commercial Paper

We have a $ 575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding.

Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies

Purchase Obligations

Our purchase obligations reflect our commitment to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supply and capacity agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets.

As of January 26, 2025, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations totaling $ 30.8 billion, an increase from the prior year led by commitments, capacity and components for new product introductions, including our new Blackwell architecture. We enter into agreements with contract manufacturers that allow them to procure inventory based upon our defined criteria, and in certain instances, these agreements are cancellable, able to be rescheduled, or adjustable for our business needs prior to placing firm orders. Though, changes to these agreements may result in additional costs. Other non-inventory purchase obligations were $ 14.3 billion, including $ 10.9 billion of multi-year cloud service agreements. We expect our cloud service agreements to primarily be used to support our research and development efforts, as well as our DGX Cloud offerings.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Total future purchase commitments as of January 26, 2025 are as follows:

Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities

The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $ 1.3 billion and $ 306 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively. The estimated product returns and product warranty activity consisted of the following:

In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 the additions in product warranty liabilities primarily related to Compute & Networking segment.

We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.

Litigation

Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits

The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiffs sought class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. On March 2, 2021, the district court granted NVIDIA’s motion to dismiss the complaint without leave to amend, entered judgment in favor of NVIDIA and closed the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from judgment in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, case number 21-15604. On August 25, 2023, a majority of a three-judge Ninth Circuit panel affirmed in part and reversed in part the district court’s dismissal of the case, with a third judge dissenting on the basis that the district court did not err in dismissing the case. On November 15, 2023, the Ninth Circuit denied NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing en banc of the Ninth Circuit panel’s majority decision to reverse in part the dismissal of the case, which NVIDIA had filed on October 10, 2023. On December 5, 2023, the Ninth Circuit granted NVIDIA’s motion to stay the mandate pending NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court of the United States and the Supreme Court’s final disposition of the matter. NVIDIA filed a petition for a writ of certiorari on March 4, 2024. On June 17, 2024, the Supreme Court of the United States granted NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari. After briefing and argument, the Supreme

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Court dismissed NVIDIA’s writ of certiorari as improvidently granted on December 11, 2024, and issued judgment on January 13, 2025. On February 20, 2025, the Ninth Circuit’s judgment, entered August 25, 2023 and corrected August 28, 2023, took effect, and the case was remanded to the district court for further proceedings.

The putative derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned 4:19-cv-00341-HSG, initially filed January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, was stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court administratively closed the case, but stated that it would reopen the case once the appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action is resolved. The case has not yet been reopened by the court. The lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.

The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-MN) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798-MN), were stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 5, 2025, after the Supreme Court issued its judgment dismissing the Company’s petition for writ of certiorari as improvidently granted in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action, the district court extended the stay for 30 days while the parties discuss next steps and ordered the parties to file a joint status report by March 7, 2025. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures.

Another putative derivative action was filed on October 30, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Horanic v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and reform of unspecified corporate governance measures. This derivative matter is stayed pending the final resolution of In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action.

Accounting for Loss Contingencies

As of January 26, 2025, there are no accrued contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities, while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business and, while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Note 13 - Income Taxes

The income tax expense (benefit) applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before income taxes as follows:

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:

(1) Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $ 11 billion and $ 6.1 billion and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $ 886 million and $ 462 million for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

As of January 26, 2025, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $ 1.4 billion of cumulative undistributed earnings held by certain subsidiaries. We have not provided the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to these investments as the determination of such amount is not practicable.

As of both January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we had a valuation allowance of $ 1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.

Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could vary based on our assessment of all available information.

As of January 26, 2025, we had U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $ 479 million, $ 332 million and $ 349 million, respectively. The federal and state carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal years 2026 and 2027, respectively. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $ 349 million may be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 26, 2025, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $ 46 million, before the impact of uncertain tax positions, that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2026. We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $ 1.5 billion, before the impact of uncertain tax positions. $ 1.4 billion is attributable to the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely and $ 98 million is attributable to various other states and will begin to expire in fiscal year 2026. As of January 26, 2025, we had federal capital loss carryforwards of $ 1.3 billion that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2028.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Our tax attributes remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of tax attributes may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the tax attributes may expire or be denied before utilization.

A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 26, 2025 are $ 2 billion of tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate if recognized.

We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term amount refundable, if we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyond a year.

We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We recognized net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line of our consolidated statements of income of $ 92 million, $ 42 million, and $ 33 million during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we have accrued $ 251 million and $ 140 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our gross unrecognized tax benefits.

While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than our accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 26, 2025, we have not identified any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.

We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 26, 2025, the significant tax jurisdictions that may be subject to examination include the United States for fiscal years after 2021, as well as China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom for fiscal years 2014 through 2024. As of January 26, 2025, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, and Taiwan for fiscal years 2014 through 2024, and the State of California for fiscal years 2020 to 2022.

Note 14 - Shareholders’ Equity

Capital Return Program

On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $ 50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we repurchased 310 million and 210 million shares of our common stock for $ 34.0 billion and $ 9.7 billion, respectively. As of January 26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $ 38.7 billion of our common stock. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities.

From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $ 3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $ 834 million, $ 395 million, and $ 398 million, respectively. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders.

Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans

We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 314 million, $ 255 million, and $ 227 million, respectively.

Note 16 - Segment Information

Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, and reviews financial information presented on an operating segment basis for purposes of making decisions and assessing financial performance. Our CODM assesses operating performance of each segment based on regularly provided segment revenue and segment operating income. Operating results by segment include costs or expenses directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are leveraged across our unified architecture and therefore allocated between our two segments. Our CODM reviews expenses on a consolidated basis, and expenses attributable to each segment are not regularly provided to our CODM.

The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and AI solutions and software; networking; automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and DGX Cloud computing services.

The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and solutions for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating industrial AI and digital twin applications.

The “All Other” category includes the expenses that are not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and support costs, acquisition-related and other costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.

Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. There are no intersegment transactions. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements. The table below presents details of our reportable segments and the “All Other” category.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

(1) Other segment items for the Compute & Networking and Graphics reportable segments primarily include product costs and inventory provisions, compensation and benefits excluding stock-based compensation expense, compute and infrastructure expenses, and engineering development costs.

Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Compute and Networking segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 732 million, $ 457 million, and $ 377 million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Graphics segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 372 million, $ 307 million, and $ 315 million, respectively. Acquisition-related intangible amortization expense is not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance and is included in “All Other”.

Revenue by geographic area is based upon the billing location of the customer. The end customer and shipping location may be different from our customer’s billing location.

(1) Singapore represented 18 % of fiscal year 2025 total revenue based upon customer billing location. Customers use Singapore to centralize invoicing while our products are almost always shipped elsewhere. Shipments to Singapore were less than 2 % of fiscal year 2025 total revenue.

Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53 %, 56 %, and 69 % of total revenue for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The increase in revenue to the United States for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was primarily due to higher U.S.-based Compute & Networking segment demand.

We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet companies, enterprises, and public sector entities.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment, are presented in the following table:

* Less than 10% of total revenue.

No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2023.

The following table summarizes revenue by specialized markets:

The following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by country. Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and exclude other assets, operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets.

Note 17 - Leases

Our lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters' campus and domestic and international offices and data centers, with lease periods expiring between fiscal years 2026 and 2037.

Future minimum lease obligations under our non-cancelable lease agreements as of January 26, 2025 were as follows:

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(Continued)

Between fiscal years 2026 and 2030, we expect to commence leases with future obligations of $ 7.6 billion primarily of data center and office operating leases, with lease terms of 3 to 15.5 years.

Operating lease expenses for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 356 million, $ 269 million, and $ 193 million, respectively. Short-term and variable lease expenses for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were not significant.

Other information related to leases was as follows:

As of January 26, 2025, our operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.5 years and a weighted average discount rate of 4.16 %. As of January 28, 2024, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.1 years and a weighted average discount rate of 3.76 %.

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries

Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

(1) Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs.

(2) Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance.

(3) Additional valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Additions represent additional valuation allowance on capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets. Deductions represent the release of valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

(4) Represents sales returns.

* Filed herewith.

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

# In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.

^ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).

Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:

Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not Applicable.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 26, 2025.

Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang and Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
