Item 1C. Cybersecurity

Given the prevalence of cybersecurity threats, cybersecurity represents a critical component of the Company’s overall approach to risk management. The Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards and practices are integrated into the Company’s enterprise risk management (“ERM”) approach, and cybersecurity risks are among the core enterprise risks that are subject to oversight by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). The Company’s cybersecurity policies, standards and practices are derived from recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) and other applicable industry standards. In 2025, the Company was audited against a set of critical in scope systems using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework with no findings identified. The Company plans to continue to obtain a NIST compliance audit on an annual basis. Many members of the Company’s cybersecurity team are certified by and have received training from the International Information Security Consortium (“IISC”). The Company generally approaches cybersecurity threats through a cross-functional, multilayered approach, with specific the goals of: (i) identifying, attempting to prevent and mitigating cybersecurity threats to the Company; (ii) preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that we collect and store to use in our business; (iii) protecting the Company’s intellectual property; (iv) protecting personally identifiable data and maintaining the confidence of our customers, clients and business partners; and (v) providing appropriate public disclosure of cybersecurity risks and incidents when required.

Risk Management and Strategy

Consistent with overall ERM policies and practices, the Company’s cybersecurity program focuses on the following areas:

A key part of the Company’s strategy for managing risks from cybersecurity threats is the ongoing assessment and testing of the Company’s processes and practices through auditing, assessments, tabletop exercises, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. The Company engages third parties, including legal counsel, to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, penetration testing inclusive of our resident facing apps and devices, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. The material results of such assessments, audits and reviews are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board, and the Company adapts its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices as necessary based on the information provided by the assessments, audits, and reviews. In addition, in 2025, 2024 and 2023, outside legal counsel conducted an exercise regarding preparation for cyber events attended by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Legal Officer and other members of senior management.

A key part of the Company’s strategy for managing risks from cybersecurity threats is the ongoing assessment and testing of the Company’s processes and practices through auditing, assessments, tabletop exercises, vulnerability testing and other exercises focused on evaluating the effectiveness of our cybersecurity measures. The Company engages third parties, including legal counsel, to perform assessments on our cybersecurity measures, including information security maturity assessments, penetration testing inclusive of our resident facing apps and devices, audits and independent reviews of our information security control environment and operating effectiveness. The material results of such assessments, audits and reviews are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board, and the Company adapts its cybersecurity policies, standards, processes, and practices as necessary based on the information provided by the assessments, audits, and reviews. In addition, in 2025, 2024 and 2023, outside legal counsel conducted an exercise regarding preparation for cyber events attended by our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Legal Officer and other members of senior management.

Governance

The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee , oversees the management of risks from cybersecurity threats, including the policies, standards, processes and practices that the Company’s management implements to address risks from cybersecurity threats. The Board and the Audit Committee each receive presentations and reports on cybersecurity risks, which address a wide range of topics including, for example, recent developments, evolving standards, vulnerability assessments, third-party and independent reviews, the threat environment, new tools and vendors being used by the Company related to cybersecurity, technological trends and information security considerations arising with respect to the Company’s peers and third parties. The Board and the Audit Committee also receive information regarding any cybersecurity incident when appropriate, as well as ongoing updates regarding such incident until it has been addressed. At least once each year the Board and the Audit Committee at least quarterly discuss the Company’s approach to cybersecurity risk management with the Company’s Chief Technology Officer.

The Company’s Chief Technology Officer is the member of the Company’s management that is principally responsible for overseeing the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, in partnership with other business leaders across the Company. The Chief Technology Officer and our Vice President, Information Security work in coordination with the other members of the Information Security Management System Committee (“ISMS”), which includes department heads and IT personnel. The Chief Technology Officer also provides monthly reports regarding information technology including cybersecurity to our senior management including our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President – Chief Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President – Investments, and Senior Vice President – Chief Legal Officer. The Company’s Chief Technology Officer has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 24 years. The Chief Technology Officer holds an undergraduate degree in computer science and a master’s degree in business administration. The Company’s Vice President, Information Security holds an undergraduate degree in computer science and management science, has attained a professional certification of Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) from the IISC and has served in various roles in information technology and information security for over 15 years. In addition, our Vice President, Information Security is a member of InfraGard.

The Company’s Chief Technology Officer and Vice President, Information Security, in coordination with the ISMS, work collaboratively across the Company to implement a program designed to protect the Company’s information systems from cybersecurity threats and to promptly respond to any cybersecurity incidents. To facilitate the success of this program, our IT security team and, when necessary, multidisciplinary teams throughout the Company are deployed to address cybersecurity threats and to respond to cybersecurity incidents in accordance with the Company’s incident response and recovery plans. Through the ongoing communications from these teams, the Chief Technology Officer and the Vice President, Information Security monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, and report such incidents to the ISMS and other members of management and the Audit Committee or the Board when appropriate.

To date, the Company has no t been materially affected by a cybersecurity incident or cybersecurity threat and no incident has occurred that is reasonably likely to affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
