UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 10-K

F or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

OR

Commission file number 1-10524

UDR, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

1745 Shea Center Drive, Suite 200 , Highlands Ranch , Colorado 80129

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 720 ) 283-6120

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

(Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ⌧ No ◻

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ⌧

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ⌧ No ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ⌧ No ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ◻

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ◻

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ⌧

The aggregate market value of the shares of common stock of UDR, Inc. held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2025 was approximately $ 5.2 billion. This calculation excludes shares of common stock held by the registrant’s officers and directors and each person known by the registrant to beneficially own more than 5% of the registrant’s outstanding shares, as such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status should not be deemed conclusive for any other purpose. As of February 11, 2026, there were 328,571,965 shares of UDR, Inc.’s common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The information required by Part III of this Report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference from UDR, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders .

PART I

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Report to “UDR,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer to UDR, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including United Dominion Realty, L.P. (the “Operating Partnership” or the “OP”) and UDR Lighthouse DownREIT L.P. (the “DownREIT Partnership”).

Forward-Looking Statements

This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements concerning property acquisitions and dispositions, development activity and capital expenditures, capital raising activities, rent growth, occupancy and rental expense growth. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “likely,” “will,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

The following factors, among others, could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements:

● general market and economic conditions;

● the impact of inflation/deflation, tariffs, geopolitical tensions and government shutdowns;

● unfavorable changes in apartment market and economic conditions that could adversely affect occupancy levels and rental rates;

● the failure of acquisitions, developments or redevelopments to achieve anticipated results;

● possible difficulty in selling apartment communities;

● competitive factors that may limit our ability to lease apartment homes or increase or maintain rents;

● insufficient cash flow that could affect our debt financing and create refinancing risk;

● failure to generate sufficient revenue, which could impair our debt service payments and distributions to stockholders;

● development and construction risks that may impact our profitability;

● potential damage from natural disasters, including hurricanes, fires, floods, ice storms and other weather-related events, which could result in substantial costs to us;

● risks from climate change that impacts our properties or operations;

● risks from extraordinary losses for which we may not have insurance or adequate reserves;

● risks from cybersecurity breaches of our information technology systems and the information technology systems of our third party vendors and other third parties;

● the availability of capital and the stability of the capital markets;

● changes in job growth, home affordability and the demand/supply ratio for multifamily housing;

● the failure of automation or technology to help grow net operating income;

● uninsured losses due to insurance deductibles, self-insurance retention, uninsured claims or casualties, or losses in excess of applicable coverage;

● delays in completing developments and lease-ups on schedule or at expected rent and occupancy levels;

● our failure to succeed in new markets;

● risks that third parties who have an interest in or are otherwise involved in projects in which we have an interest, including mezzanine borrowers, joint venture partners or other investors, do not perform as expected;

● changing interest rates, which could increase interest costs and affect the market price of our securities;

● potential liability for environmental contamination, which could result in substantial costs to us;

● the imposition of federal taxes if we fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code in any taxable year;

● our internal control over financial reporting may not be considered effective which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports, and in turn have an adverse effect on our stock price; and

● changes in real estate laws, tax laws, rent control or stabilization laws or other laws affecting our business.

A discussion of these and other factors affecting our business and prospects is set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . We encourage investors to review these risk factors.

Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore such statements included in this Report may not prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved.

Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date of this Report, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except to the extent otherwise required by law.

Summary of Risk Factors

Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully in Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
