Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis also contains forward-looking statements and should also be read in conjunction with the disclosures and information contained in “Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We use the terms “Accenture,” “we,” “our” and “us” in this report to refer to Accenture plc and its subsidiaries. All references to years, unless otherwise noted, refer to our fiscal year, which ends on August 31. For example, a reference to “fiscal 2025” means the 12-month period that ended on August 31, 2025. All references to quarters, unless otherwise noted, refer to the quarters of our fiscal year.

We use the term “in local currency” so that certain financial results may be viewed without the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of business performance. Financial results “in local currency” are calculated by restating current period activity into U.S. dollars using the comparable prior-year period’s foreign currency exchange rates. This approach is used for all results where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.

Overview

Accenture is a leading solutions and global professional services company that helps enterprises reinvent by building their digital core and unleashing the power of AI to create value at speed across the enterprise, bringing together our people, proprietary assets and platforms, and deep ecosystem relationships. Through our Reinvention Services we bring together our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X with our deep industry expertise to create and deliver solutions and services for our clients. We serve clients in three geographic markets: the Americas, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and Asia Pacific.

Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions, the overall inflationary environment, new and rapidly changing technologies, and levels of business confidence. We continue to see significant economic and geopolitical uncertainty in many markets around the world, which has impacted and may continue to impact our business. While the discretionary environment is unchanged, clients continue to prioritize large-scale transformations, which include becoming AI-ready.

In addition, the U.S. administration is reducing federal spending and the size of the federal workforce under the guidance of the Department of Government Efficiency. We are seeing impacts from these efforts in our federal government business (“Accenture Federal Services, or AFS”), including delays in new procurements, reductions in price and contract scope, and contract terminations. These changes have had an adverse effect on AFS’s results and could in the future have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. For a discussion of risks related to these and other recent developments, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”

Key Metrics

Key metrics for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 are included below. We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2025 and 2024 on a non-GAAP or “adjusted” basis to exclude the impact of business optimization costs. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we initiated business optimization actions and recorded $615 million in related costs, which includes $344 million associated with a refreshed talent strategy, as well as asset impairments of approximately $271 million primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities. In fiscal 2024, we recorded $438 million in business optimization costs associated with actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024. For additional information regarding our business optimization actions and related costs, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

• Revenues of $69.7 billion, an increase of 7% in both U.S. dollars and local currency;

• New bookings of $80.6 billion, a decrease of 1% in both U.S. dollars and local currency;

• Operating margin of 14.7%, a decrease from 14.8% in fiscal 2024; adjusted operating margin of 15.6%, an increase compared to 15.5% in fiscal 2024;

• Diluted earnings per share of $12.15, a 6% increase over diluted earnings per share of $11.44 in fiscal 2024; adjusted earnings per share of $12.93, an 8% increase over adjusted earnings per share of $11.95 in fiscal 2024; and

• Cash returned to shareholders of $8.3 billion, including dividends of $3.7 billion and share purchases of $4.6 billion.

Revenues

(1) During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 7% in both U.S. dollars and local currency compared to fiscal 2024. During fiscal 2025, revenue growth in local currency was very strong in the Americas, strong in EMEA and solid in Asia Pacific. We experienced local currency revenue growth that was very strong in Financial Services & Products, strong in Health & Public Service and Communications, Media & Technology and solid in Resources. Revenue growth in local currency was very strong in managed services and solid in consulting. While the business environment remained competitive, pricing improved in several areas of our business. We define pricing as the contract profitability or margin on the work that we sell.

In our consulting business, revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 6% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency compared to fiscal 2024. Consulting revenue growth in local currency for fiscal 2025 was driven by strong growth in the Americas, solid growth in EMEA and modest growth in Asia Pacific. Our consulting revenue continues to be driven by helping our clients accelerate their reinvention, leveraging cloud, enterprise platforms, security, AI and data, including advanced AI, as well as our change capabilities to help clients build new skills and drive the successful adoption of new processes and technologies. In addition, clients continue to be focused on initiatives designed to deliver cost savings, supply chain and operational resilience, as well as to accelerate growth and improve customer experiences. While we continue to experience demand for these services, we are seeing a slower pace and level of client spending, particularly for smaller contracts with a shorter duration.

In our managed services business, revenues for fiscal 2025 increased 9% in both U.S. dollars and local currency compared to fiscal 2024. Managed services revenue growth in local currency for fiscal 2025 was driven by very strong growth in the Americas and strong growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific. We continue to experience growing demand to assist clients with reinvented operations, application development and maintenance, and infrastructure management including cloud and security. Clients continue to be focused on transforming their operations through technology, AI and data, and leveraging our proprietary assets and platforms and talent to drive productivity and cost savings.

As we are a global company, our revenues are denominated in multiple currencies and may be significantly affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations. While a significant portion of our revenues are in U.S. dollars, the majority of our revenues are denominated in other currencies, including the Euro, Japanese yen and U.K. pound. There continues to be volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. Unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have had and could in the future have a material effect on our financial results. If the U.S. dollar weakens against other currencies, resulting in favorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be higher. If the

U.S. dollar strengthens against other currencies, resulting in unfavorable currency translation, our revenues, revenue growth and results of operations in U.S. dollars may be lower. There was minimal currency translation impact for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024. Assuming that exchange rates stay within recent ranges, we estimate that our fiscal 2026 revenue growth in U.S. dollars will be approximately 2% higher than our revenue growth in local currency.

People Metrics

Utilization for fiscal 2025 was 92%, consistent with fiscal 2024. We hire to meet current and projected future demand. We proactively plan and manage the size and composition of our workforce and take actions as needed to address changes in the anticipated demand for our solutions and services, given that compensation costs are the most significant portion of our operating expenses. Our workforce, the majority of which serves our clients, increased to approximately 779,000 as of August 31, 2025, compared to approximately 774,000 as of August 31, 2024.

For fiscal 2025, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, compared to 13% in fiscal 2024. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 15%, down from 16% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025. We evaluate voluntary attrition, adjust levels of new hiring and use involuntary terminations as a means to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with changes in client demand.

In addition, we adjust compensation to provide market relevant pay based on the skills of our people and locations where we operate. We also consider a variety of factors, including the macroeconomic environment, in making our decisions around pay and benefits. We strive to adjust pricing as well as drive cost and delivery efficiencies, such as changing the mix of people and utilizing technology, to reduce the impact of compensation increases on our margin and contract profitability.

Our ability to grow our revenues and maintain or increase our margin could be adversely affected if we are unable to: match people and skills with the types or amounts of solutions and services clients are demanding; recover or offset increases in compensation; deploy our employees globally on a timely basis; manage attrition; and/or effectively assimilate new employees.

New Bookings

We provide information regarding our new bookings, which include new contracts, including those acquired through acquisitions, as well as renewals, extensions and changes to existing contracts, because we believe doing so provides useful trend information regarding changes in the volume of our new business over time. New bookings can vary significantly quarter to quarter depending in part on the timing of the signing of a small number of large managed services contracts. The types of solutions and services clients are demanding and the pace and level of their spending may impact the conversion of new bookings to revenues. For example, managed services bookings, which are typically for multi-year contracts, generally convert to revenue over a longer period of time compared to consulting bookings.

Information regarding our new bookings is not comparable to, nor should it be substituted for, an analysis of our revenues over time. New bookings involve estimates and judgments. There are no third-party standards or requirements governing the calculation of bookings. We do not update our new bookings for material subsequent terminations or reductions related to bookings originally recorded in prior fiscal years. New bookings are recorded using then-existing foreign currency exchange rates and are not subsequently adjusted for foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.

The majority of our contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties, and some without notice. Only the non-cancelable portion of these contracts is included in our remaining performance obligations disclosed in Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Accordingly, a significant portion of what we consider contract bookings is not included in our remaining performance obligations.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. We continually evaluate our estimates, judgments and assumptions based on available information and experience. Because the use of estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. These include certain aspects of accounting for revenue recognition and income taxes.

Revenue Recognition

Determining the method and amount of revenue to recognize requires us to make judgments and estimates. Specifically, complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether promised goods and services specified in an arrangement are distinct performance obligations and should be accounted for separately. Other judgments include determining whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time and the selection of the method to measure progress towards completion.

We measure progress towards completion for technology integration consulting services and some non-technology consulting services using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. Revenues, including estimated fees, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. The amount of revenue recognized for these contracts in a period is dependent on our ability to estimate total contract costs. We continually evaluate our estimates of total contract costs based on available information and experience.

Additionally, the nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including incentive fees. Many contracts include incentives or penalties related to costs incurred, benefits produced or adherence to schedules that may increase the variability in revenues and margins earned on such contracts. We conduct reviews prior to signing such contracts to evaluate whether these incentives are reasonably achievable. Our estimates are monitored over the lives of our contracts and are based on an assessment of our anticipated performance, historical experience and other information available at the time.

For additional information, see Note 2 (Revenues) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Income Taxes

Determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, income tax liabilities and deferred tax assets and liabilities involves judgment. Deferred tax assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates, are recognized for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial statement bases of assets and liabilities. As a global company, we calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This involves estimating current tax exposures in each jurisdiction as well as making judgments regarding the recoverability of deferred tax assets. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized and adjust the valuation allowances accordingly. Factors considered in making this determination include the period of expiration of the tax asset, planned use of the tax asset, tax planning strategies and historical and projected taxable income as well as tax liabilities for the tax jurisdiction in which the tax asset is located. Valuation allowances will be subject to change in each future reporting period as a result of changes in one or more of these factors. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual income before taxes can affect the overall effective tax rate.

We apply an estimated annual effective tax rate to our quarterly operating results to determine the interim provision for income tax expense. A change in judgment that impacts the measurement of a tax position taken in a prior year is recognized as a discrete item in the interim period in which the change occurs. In the event there is a significant unusual or infrequent item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is recorded in the interim period in which it occurs. We release stranded tax effects from Accumulated other comprehensive loss using the specific identification approach for our defined benefit plans and the portfolio approach for other items.

No taxes have been provided on undistributed foreign earnings that are planned to be indefinitely reinvested. If future events, including material changes in estimates of cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements, necessitate that these earnings be distributed, an additional provision for taxes may apply, which could materially affect our future effective tax rate. We currently do not foresee any event that would require us to distribute these indefinitely reinvested earnings. For additional information, see Note 11 (Income Taxes) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

As a matter of course, we are regularly audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. We establish tax liabilities or reduce tax assets when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are appropriate and supportable under local tax law, we believe we may not succeed in realizing the tax benefit of certain positions if challenged. In evaluating a tax position, we determine whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Our estimate of the ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by taxing jurisdictions. The tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. We evaluate tax positions each quarter and adjust the related tax liabilities or assets in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations. We believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of tax positions are reasonable. However, final determinations of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different from estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. The outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period in which that determination is made. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately accounted for these positions.

Revenues by Segment/Geographic Market

Our three reportable operating segments are our geographic markets, the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific. In addition to reporting revenues by geographic market and industry group, we also report revenues by two types of work: consulting and managed services, which represent the services sold by our geographic markets. Consulting revenues, which include strategy, management and technology consulting and technology integration consulting, reflect a finite, distinct project or set of projects with a defined outcome and typically a defined set of specific deliverables. Managed services revenues typically reflect ongoing, repeatable services or capabilities provided to transition, run and/or manage operations of client systems or business functions.

From time to time, our geographic markets work together to sell and implement certain contracts. The resulting revenues and costs from these contracts may be apportioned among the participating geographic markets. Generally, operating expenses for each geographic market have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. However, the economic environment and its effects on the industries served by our geographic markets affect revenues and operating expenses within our geographic markets to differing degrees. The mix between consulting and managed services is not uniform among our geographic markets. Local currency fluctuations also tend to affect our geographic markets differently, depending on the geographic concentrations and locations of their businesses.

While we provide discussion about our results of operations below, we cannot measure how much of our revenue growth in a particular period is attributable to changes in price or volume. Management does not track standard measures of unit or rate volume. Instead, our measures of volume and price are extremely complex, as each of our services contracts is unique, reflecting a customized mix of specific services that does not fit into standard comparability measurements. Revenue for our services is a function of the nature of each service to be provided, the skills required and the outcome sought, as well as estimated cost, risk, contract terms and other factors.

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2025 Compared to Fiscal 2024

Revenues

Revenues by geographic market, industry group and type of work are as follows:

(1) During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

.

Geographic Markets

The following revenues commentary discusses the primary drivers of local currency revenue changes by geographic market for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024:

• Americas revenues increased 9% in local currency, led by growth in Banking & Capital Markets, Industrials and Software & Platforms. Revenue growth was driven by the United States.

• EMEA revenues increased 6% in local currency, led by growth in Public Service, Life Sciences, Insurance, Health and Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services. Revenue growth was driven by the United Kingdom and Germany, partially offset by a decline in France.

• Asia Pacific revenues increased 4% in local currency, led by growth in Utilities, Banking & Capital Markets, Public Service and Insurance, partially offset by a decline in Chemicals & Natural Resources. Revenue growth was driven by Japan and Australia, partially offset by a decline in Singapore.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses for fiscal 2025 increased $4,147 million over fiscal 2024, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 85.3% from 85.2% in fiscal 2024.

The primary categories of operating expenses include Cost of services, Sales and marketing and General and administrative costs. Cost of services is primarily driven by the cost of people serving our clients, which consists mainly of compensation and other payroll costs, as well as non-payroll costs such as subcontractors, facilities, technology and travel. Cost of services and the related gross margin may be impacted by several factors, including contract profitability, which includes the pricing on the work that we sell, as well as by the investments we make in our business and our people, such as research and development to build assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions, learning and professional development and strategic acquisitions. Sales and marketing costs are driven primarily by compensation costs for business development activities; marketing- and advertising-related activities; and certain acquisition-related costs. General and administrative costs primarily include costs for people that are non-client-facing, information systems, office space and certain acquisition-related costs.

Operating expenses by category are as follows:

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Cost of Services

Cost of services for fiscal 2025 increased $3,703 million, or 8%, over fiscal 2024, and increased as a percentage of revenues to 68.1% over 67.4% during this period. Gross margin for fiscal 2025 decreased as a percentage of revenues to 31.9% from 32.6% during fiscal 2024. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to higher payroll costs.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expense for fiscal 2025 increased $197 million, or 3%, over fiscal 2024, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 10.1% from 10.6% during this period due to lower payroll and non-payroll costs.

General and Administrative Costs

General and administrative costs for fiscal 2025 increased $70 million, or 2%, over fiscal 2024, and decreased as a percentage of revenues to 6.2% from 6.6% during this period primarily due to lower payroll costs.

Business Optimization Costs

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we initiated business optimization actions and recorded $615 million in related costs, which includes $344 million related to a talent rotation that we are making in a compressed timeline, as well as asset impairments of approximately $271 million primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities. During fiscal 2024, we recorded business optimization costs of $438 million associated with actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024, primarily for employee severance. For additional information, see Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We have presented operating income, operating margin, effective tax rate and diluted earnings per share on a non-GAAP or “ adjusted ” basis exclu ding the business optimization costs recorded in fiscal 2025 and 2024 as we believe doing so facilitates understanding as to the impact of these items and our performance in comparison to the prior periods. While we believe that this non-GAAP financial information is useful in evaluating our operations, this information should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Operating Income and Operating Margin

Operating income and operating margin for each of the geographic markets is as follows:

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1) During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Operating income for fiscal 2025 increased $630 million, or 7%, compared with fiscal 2024. Operating margin for fiscal 2025 was 14.7%, compared with 14.8% for fiscal 2024.

Geographic Markets

We estimate that the aggregate percentage impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our operating income during fiscal 2025 was similar to that disclosed for revenue for each geographic market. Additionally, operating costs for our geographic markets increased in line with revenues. The commentary below provides insight into other factors affecting geographic market performance and operating income for fiscal 2025 compared with fiscal 2024:

• Americas operating income increased due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher business optimization costs.

• EMEA operating income increased due to revenue growth and lower business optimization costs.

• Asia Pacific operating income increased due to revenue growth and lower business optimization costs.

Operating Income and Operating Margin Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs reduced operating margin for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024 by 90 and 70 basis points, respectively. Adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2025 was 15.6% compared to adjusted operating margin for fiscal 2024 of 15.5%.

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

(1) Costs recorded in connection with business optimization actions initiated in fiscal 2025, including $344 million for employee severance associated with headcount reductions we are making in a compressed timeline and $271 million for asset impairments primarily related to the divestiture of two acquisitions in the Americas that are no longer aligned with our strategic priorities.

(2) Costs recorded in connection with business optimization actions initiated in fiscal 2023 and completed in fiscal 2024, primarily for employee severance.

(3) During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, our Latin America market unit moved from Growth Markets to North America. With this change, North America became the Americas market and Growth Markets became the Asia Pacific market. Prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation.

Interest Income

Interest income for fiscal 2025 was $336 million, an increase of $64 million, or 24%, over fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily due to a higher average cash balance.

Interest Expense

Interest expense for fiscal 2025 was $229 million, an increase of $170 million over fiscal 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in long-term debt.

Other Income (Expense), net

Other income (expense), net primarily consists of foreign currency gains and losses, non-operating components of pension expense, as well as gains and losses associated with our investments. During fiscal 2025, Other income (expense), net decreased $47 million, or 43%, from fiscal 2024, primarily due to higher gains on investments.

Income Tax Expense

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2025 was 23.7%, compared with 23.5% for fiscal 2024.

Income Tax Expense Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

Excluding the business optimization costs of $615 million and related reduction in tax expense of $126 million, our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.6% for fiscal 2025. Excluding the business optimization costs of $438 million and related reduction in tax expense of $111 million, our adjusted effective tax rate was 23.6% for fiscal 2024.

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflects the income earned or expense incurred attributable to the equity interest that some current and former members of Accenture Leadership and their permitted transferees have in our Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. subsidiary. See “Business—Organizational Structure.” Noncontrolling interests also include amounts primarily attributable to noncontrolling shareholders in our Avanade Inc. subsidiary. Net income attributable to Accenture plc represents the income attributable to the shareholders of Accenture plc.

Earnings Per Share

Diluted earnings per share were $12.15 for fiscal 2025, compared with $11.44 for fiscal 2024. For information regarding our earnings per share calculations, see Note 3 (Earnings Per Share) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Earnings Per Share Excluding Business Optimization Costs (Non-GAAP)

The business optimization costs of $489 million and $327 million, net of related taxes, decreased diluted earnings per share by $0.78 and $0.51 for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $12.93 and $11.95 for fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, respectively.

(1) The income tax effect of business optimization costs includes both the current and deferred income tax impact and was calculated by using the relevant tax rate of the country where the adjustments were recorded.

The increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2025 compared to fiscal 2024 is due to the following factors:

Our operating income and diluted earnings per share are affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations on revenues and costs. Most of our costs are incurred in the same currency as the related revenues. Where practical, we seek to manage foreign currency exposure for costs not incurred in the same currency as the related revenues, such as the costs associated with our global delivery model, by using currency protection provisions in our customer contracts and through our hedging programs. We seek to manage our costs, taking into consideration the residual positive and negative effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on those costs. For more information on our hedging programs, see Foreign Currency Risk under Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and Note 9 (Financial Instruments) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Results of Operations for Fiscal 2024 Compared to Fiscal 2023

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended August 31, 2023 in Item 7 of Part II, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, available cash reserves, debt capacity available under variou s credit facilities and other borrowings. We could raise additional funds through other public or private debt or equity financings. We may use our available or additional funds to, among other things:

• facilitate purchases, redemptions and exchanges of shares and pay dividends;

• acquire complementary businesses or technologies;

• take advantage of opportunities, including more rapid expansion;

• develop new solutions and services; or

• repay outstanding borrowings and other debt.

See Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings and other debt.

As of August 31, 2025, Cash and cash equivalents were $11.5 billion, compared with $5.0 billion as of August 31, 2024.

Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our Consolidated Cash Flows Statements, are summarized in the following table:

Amounts in table may not total due to rounding.

Operating activities: The $2,343 million increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to higher net income and lower cash outflows for certain compensation payments compared to the prior year.

Investing activities: The $5,042 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to lower spending on business acquisitions. For additional information, see Note 6 (Business Combinations and Dispositions) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Financing activities: The $3,115 million decrease in cash used was primarily due to higher net proceeds from borrowings. For additional information, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

We believe that our current and longer-term working capital, investments and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied for the next twelve months and thereafter through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities.

Substantially all of our cash is held in jurisdictions where there are no regulatory restrictions or material tax effects on the free flow of funds. Domestic cash inflows for our Irish parent, principally dividend distributions from lower-tier subsidiaries, have been sufficient to meet our historic cash requirements, and we expect this to continue into the future.

Borrowings and Indebtedness

On September 30, 2024, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, pursuant to which Accenture plc’s wholly owned finance subsidiaries Accenture Capital and Accenture Global Capital DAC may issue debt securities. As of August 31, 2025 , we had outstanding long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes issued by Accenture Capital in an aggregate principal amount of $5 billion, which mature from 2027 through 2034. Accenture plc fully and unconditionally guarantees these notes, as well as all future debt securities that may be issued by these entities.

For additional information regarding our outstanding borrowings, credit facilities and other debt, see Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and supplementary Data.”

Share Purchases and Redemptions

We intend to continue to use a significant portion of cash generated from operations for share repurchases during fiscal 2026. The number of shares ultimately repurchased under our open-market share purchase program may vary depending on numerous factors, including, without limitation, share price and other market conditions, our ongoing capital allocation planning, the levels of cash and debt balances, other demands for cash, such as acquisition activity, general economic and/or business conditions, and board and management discretion. Additionally, as these factors may change over the course of the year, the amount of share repurchase activity during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. Share repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, in respect of purchases and redemptions of Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. exchangeable shares, through the use of Rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. The repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time, without notice. For additional information, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Subsequent Events

See Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Obligations and Commitments

As of August 31, 2025, we had commitments of $3 billion related to cloud hosting arrangements, software subscriptions, information technology services and other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation. Payments under these commitments are estimated to be made as follows:

(1) Amounts do not include recourse that we may have to recover termination fees or penalties from clients.

For information about borrowing facilities and leases, see Note 10 (Borrowings and Indebtedness) and Note 8 (Leases) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

In the normal course of business and in conjunction with some client engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients with respect to certain matters. To date, we have not been required to make any significant payment under any of these arrangements. For further discussion of these transactions, see Note 15 (Commitments and Contingencies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

New Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
