Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “ACN.” The New York Stock Exchange is the principal United States market for these shares. As of September 26, 2025, there were 356 holders of record of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares.

There is no trading market for Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares. As of September 26, 2025, there were 14 holders of record of Accenture plc Class X ordinary shares.

Dividends

For information about our dividend activity during fiscal 2025, see Note 14 (Shareholders’ Equity) to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

On September 22, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.63 per share on our Class A ordinary shares for shareholders of record at the close of business on October 10, 2025, payable on November 14, 2025. For the remainder of fiscal 2026, we expect to declare additional quarterly dividends in December 2025 and March and June 2026, to be paid in February, May and August 2026, respectively, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors.

In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (“DWT”) (currently at the rate of 25%) from dividends paid to our shareholders. Shareholders resident in “relevant territories” (including countries that are European Union member states (other than Ireland), the United States and other countries with which Ireland has a tax treaty) may be exempted from Irish DWT. However, shareholders residing in other countries will generally be subject to Irish DWT.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Purchases of Accenture plc Class A Ordinary Shares

The following table provides information relating to our purchases of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. For year-to-date information on all of our share purchases, redemptions and exchanges and further discussion of our share purchase activity, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Share Purchases and Redemptions.”

(1) Average price paid per share reflects the total cash outlay for the period, divided by the number of shares acquired, including those acquired by purchase or redemption for cash and any acquired by means of employee forfeiture.

(2) Since August 2001, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized and periodically confirmed a publicly announced open-market share purchase program for acquiring Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we purchased 1,551,659 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under this program for an aggregate price of $458 million. The open-market purchase program does not have an expiration date.

(3) As of August 31, 2025, our aggregate available authorization for share purchases and redemptions was $2,851 million, which management has the discretion to use for either our publicly announced open-market share purchase program or our other share purchase programs. Since August 2001 and as of August 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc has authorized an aggregate of $54.1 billion for share purchases and redemptions by Accenture plc and Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. On September 22, 2025, the Board of Directors of Accenture plc approved $5,000 million in additional share repurchase authority, bringing Accenture’s total outstanding authority to $7,851 million.

(4) During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, Accenture purchased 51,842 Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares in transactions unrelated to publicly announced share plans or programs. These transactions consisted of acquisitions of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares primarily via share withholding for payroll tax obligations due from employees and former employees in connection with the delivery of Accenture plc Class A ordinary shares under our various employee equity share plans. These purchases of shares in connection with employee share plans do not affect our aggregate available authorization for our publicly announced open-market share purchase and our other share purchase programs.

Item 6. [Reserved]
