Item 1. Business

Overview

Accenture is a leading solutions and global professional services company that helps the world’s leading enterprises reinvent by building their digital core and unleashing the power of AI to create value at speed across the enterprise, bringing together the talent of our approximately 779,000 people, our proprietary assets and platforms, and deep ecosystem relationships. Our strategy is to be the reinvention partner of choice for our clients and to be the most AI-enabled, client-focused, great place to work in the world. Through our Reinvention Services we bring together our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X with our deep industry expertise to create and deliver solutions and services for our clients. Our purpose is to deliver on the promise of technology and human ingenuity, and we measure our success by the 360° value we create for all our stakeholders.

During fiscal 2025, we continued to make significant investments—in strategic acquisitions, in research and development (R&D) in our assets, platforms and industry and functional solutions, in patents and pending patents and in attracting, retaining and developing people. These investments help us to further enhance our differentiation and competitiveness in the marketplace. Our disciplined acquisition strategy, which is an engine to fuel organic growth, is focused on scaling our business in high-growth areas; adding skills and capabilities in new areas; and deepening our industry and functional expertise. In fiscal 2025, we invested $1.5 billion across 23 strategic acquisitions, $0.8 billion in R&D, and approximately $1.0 billion in learning and professional development, including approximately 47 million training hours.

We also use our investment capacity to drive early leadership in areas of growth. For example, our early and decisive decision in fiscal 2023 to invest significantly to become a leader in generative AI with a $3 billion multi-year investment has positioned us to capture this new area of spend for our clients.

Geographic Markets

Our three geographic markets—Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific—bring together our Reinvention Services in teams, which typically consist of industry and functional experts, AI, data and technology specialists and professionals with local market knowledge and experience, to meet client needs. The geographic markets have primary responsibility for building and sustaining long-term client relationships; bringing together our expertise from around the globe and collaborating across our business to sell and deliver our full range of solutions and services; ensuring client satisfaction; and achieving revenue and profitability objectives.

While we serve clients in locally relevant ways, our global footprint and scale in every major country give us the ability to leverage our experience and people from around the world to accelerate outcomes for our clients.

Our three geographic markets are our reporting segments. The percent of our revenues represented by each market is shown at right.

Reinvention Services

Effective September 1, 2025, we brought all of our services, which are described below, together into a single, integrated business unit called Reinvention Services. With this change, our client-focused growth model is bringing together all our capabilities across strategy, consulting, technology, operations, Song and Industry X, including deep industry and functional expertise across these capabilities, plus our technology ecosystem partnerships, to create more leading solutions faster and embed AI and data more easily into creating and delivering our solutions and services. As the reinvention partner of choice for our clients, we are building the digital core and helping reinvent nearly every part of the enterprise, everything from functions that are common across industries like HR and Finance, to industry-specific functions like manufacturing and capital projects. With the majority of our large deals today already involving capabilities across multiple areas, the full rollout of our model is designed to make it faster and simpler to sell and deliver everything Accenture offers across our client base, while embedding more AI and data and equipping our people.

Strategy and Consulting

We work with C-suite executives, leaders and boards of the world’s leading organizations, helping them reinvent nearly every part of their enterprise to set their strategic priorities, build their digital core, reinvent processes and reimagine their workforce to drive greater growth, enhance competitiveness, and deliver sustainable 360° stakeholder value. Our deep industry and functional expertise is supported by proprietary assets and platforms that help organizations transform faster and become more resilient. Underpinned by technology, data, analytics, AI, change management, talent, learning and sustainability, these capabilities help architect and accelerate all aspects of an organization’s reinvention. Our strategists and deep industry, functional, customer and technology consultants work hand-in-hand with our clients and across our capabilities to shape and deliver these reinventions.

Technology

We help our clients build their digital core including AI, data, cloud, systems integration and application management, security, intelligent platform services, infrastructure services, software engineering services, automation and global delivery centers, utilizing our deep industry and functional knowledge to create solutions that will drive value at speed. We continuously innovate our solutions and services and develop new capabilities, assets and platforms through early adoption of new technologies such as advanced AI, which includes generative, agentic and physical AI, robotics, 5G, edge computing and quantum computing, as well as invest in R&D for both new and existing forms of technology. We also invest in emerging technologies through Accenture Ventures.

Operations

We operate business processes on behalf of clients for specific enterprise functions, including finance and accounting, sourcing and procurement, supply chain, marketing and sales, and human resources, as well as industry-specific services, such as platform trust and safety, banking, insurance, network and health services. We help organizations with reinvented operations, enabled by SynOps, our proprietary AI-powered, cloud-enabled platform that empowers people with data, processes, automation and a broad ecosystem of technology partners to transform enterprise operations at speed and scale. Our experience from operations also informs our strategy and consulting capabilities to better serve our clients.

S ong

We help our clients create new, hyper-personalized experiences and services that are intelligently designed to foster loyalty and drive growth by making customer interactions more compelling, useful, and simple from initial interaction through ongoing customer service. We also build the strong digital core that supports the customer agenda. Our suite of solutions and services spans design, digital products, marketing, sales, commerce, and customer service. We help brands amplify their value, by making their products, services and experiences clear and inspiring to stand out in a crowded marketplace. Our commerce strategies are designed to enhance sales effectiveness and create seamless buying experiences. Our customer service innovations powered with AI help make support more responsive and accessible. We leverage the power of a connected customer strategy, AI and data, ecosystem partnerships, and our ability to scale and manage programs on behalf of our clients to solve client challenges more effectively, and provide solutions that are designed to be advanced, ethically sound and sustainable to help our clients reinvent how they engage their customers and grow.

Industry X

We combine our digital capabilities with deep engineering and manufacturing expertise. By using the combined power of digital and data we help our clients to reinvent and reimagine the products they make and how they make them. We have expanded our capabilities over the last few years to include helping our clients to digitally transform how their capital projects are planned, managed and executed, from plant and asset construction to public infrastructure, power grids and data centers. We collaborate closely with our technology ecosystem partners to help our clients achieve compressed transformations by redefining how their products are designed and engineered, tested, sourced and supplied, manufactured, and serviced, returned and renewed. Our solutions and services include the use of data and transformative technologies such as advanced AI, artificial reality/virtual reality, advanced robotics and digital twins.

Ecosystem Partner Relationships

Our successful strategy for more than a decade has been to be the number-one partner for the technology ecosystem. As technology is front and center for every client, we are the number-one partner for all of our top 10 ecosystem partners. These partners are among the world’s largest technology companies by revenue, and they are seeking deeper partnerships with us as they look for help to turn their technology into business outcomes and scale the adoption of AI. In fiscal 2025, we expanded our partnerships beyond the top 10 in AI and data and created new ones with companies that are becoming critical to many of our clients, which also want us to help them scale their client and customer relationships.

Clients

We continue to be the reinvention partner of choice, serving approximately 9,000 clients including a significant portion of the Fortune Global 100 and 500. We believe our global footprint and breadth of capabilities mean we can serve more of our clients’ needs for large-scale transformations than any other player in the industry. Our deep and long-standing relationships mean we know our clients and their industries thoroughly. We have long-term relationships and have partnered with 195 of our top 200 clients for 10 or more years, and have 305 Diamond clients, our largest client relationships.

Industry Groups

We believe the depth and breadth of our industry expertise is a key competitive advantage which allows us to bring client-specific industry solutions and services to our clients to accelerate reinvention and value creation. Our industry focus gives us an understanding of industry evolution, business issues and trends, industry operating models, capabilities and processes and new and emerging technologies. The breadth of our industry expertise enables us to create solutions that are informed by cross industry experience. We go to market through the following five industry groups within our geographic markets.

Our work with clients in the U.S. federal government is delivered through Accenture Federal Services, a U.S. company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, and represented approximately 36% of Health & Public Service revenues, 15% of Americas revenues and 8% of total revenues in fiscal 2025. For risks related to our government contracting work, see Item 1A, Risk Factors—“Our work with government clients exposes us to additional risks inherent in the government contracting environment”.

People

We are a value and solution-led company with approximately 779,000 people as of August 31, 2025, whose skills and specialization are a significant source of competitive differentiation. We serve clients at any given time in more than 120 countries, with offices and operations in 52 countries and the majority of our people are in India, the Philippines and the U.S.

We have a culture of shared success, which is defined as success for our clients, our people, our shareholders, our partners and our communities. Our Code of Business Ethics, which applies to all of our people, reinforces our core values and helps drive our culture of compliance, ethical conduct and accountability.

Our strategy is to be the most AI-enabled, client-focused, great place to work for reinventors, which is how we refer to our people, because we are the reinvention partner of choice for our clients. We were pleased that among our people who participated in the globally recognized Great Place To Work ® Trust Index SurveyTM in June 2025, 75% agreed that “Taking everything into account, I would say this is a great place to work.” In addition to earning the No. 6 spot on the Great Place To Work® list of the World’s Best WorkplacesTM, we are recognized as a Great Place To Work ® in 12 countries, representing nearly 80% of our people.

To drive reinvention, innovation must be at the forefront, which requires us to attract, develop and inspire top talent. Our focus is to create talent and unlock the potential of our people, to create strong leaders, and to help them achieve their professional and personal aspirations, while continuously evolving to meet new client needs.

We are implementing a refreshed three-pronged talent strategy to meet current and future client demand: investing in upskilling people, which has been and continues to be our primary focus; exiting people in a compressed timeline where reskilling is not a viable path for the skills we need; and identifying areas to drive even more operating efficiencies in our business, including through AI.

During fiscal 2025, we invested approximately $1.0 billion in learning and professional development. With our digital learning platform, we delivered approximately 47 million training hours, an increase of 9% compared with fiscal 2024. We continually invest in strengthening the industry, technology, functional and AI skills of our people. As part of our strategic

focus on driving reinvention and growth with AI, we are launching a global learning program that integrates tools, platforms, and role-based learning, along with partnerships with leading educational institutions and certification programs. Additionally, Accenture’s industry learning framework and technology certification strategy are an important part of our competitive differentiation.

We also continue to steadily increase our AI and data workforce, reaching approximately 77,000 skilled AI and data practitioners at the end of fiscal 2025, against our goal of doubling our AI and data workforce to 80,000 by the end of fiscal 2026.

We promoted approximately 97,000 people in fiscal 2025, demonstrating our continued commitment to creating vibrant careers and opportunities for our people.

We balance our supply of skills with changes in client demand. We do this through adjusting levels of new hiring and managing our attrition (both voluntary and involuntary). We believe people are drawn to our strong purpose, values and reputation. For fiscal 2025, attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 14%, compared to 13% in fiscal 2024. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, annualized attrition, excluding involuntary terminations, was 15%, down from 16% in the third quarter of fiscal 2025.

Accenture’s total rewards consist of cash compensation, equity and a wide range of benefits. Our total rewards program is designed to recognize our people’s skills, contributions and career progression. Base salary, bonus and equity are tailored to the market where our people work and live. Certain rewards, like equity and bonuses, are opportunities for our people to share in the overall success of our company. As our people advance in their careers, they have greater opportunities to be rewarded. Accenture’s equitable rewards go beyond financial rewards and include health and well-being programs and practices—including physical, mental, emotional and financial well-being—that care for our people.

Global Delivery Capability

A key differentiator is our global delivery capability. We have one of the world’s largest networks of centers with deep capabilities that allow us to help our clients create exceptional business value. Our global approach provides scalable innovation; standardized processes, methods and tools; automation and AI; industry expertise and specialized capabilities; cost advantages; foreign language fluency; proximity to clients; and time zone advantages—to deliver high-quality solutions and services. Emphasizing quality, productivity, reduced risk, speed-to-market and predictability, our global delivery model supports all parts of our business to provide clients with price-competitive solutions and services.

Innovation and Intellectual Property

We are committed to developing leading-edge ideas and leveraging emerging technologies and we see innovation as a source of competitive advantage. We use our investment in R&D—on which we spent $0.8 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively—to help clients address new realities in the marketplace and to face the future with confidence.

Our innovation experts work with clients across the world to imagine their future, build and co-create innovative business strategies and technology solutions, and then scale those solutions to sustain innovation. We believe our combination of people, platforms, assets and capabilities, including our global network of Innovation Centers, makes Accenture one of the leading strategic innovation partners for our clients.

This is all supported by our innovation approach, which includes Accenture Research, Accenture Ventures and Accenture Labs, our Innovation Centers as well as our Delivery Centers. Our research and thought leadership teams help identify market, technology and industry trends. Accenture Ventures partners with and invests in growth-stage companies that create innovative enterprise technologies. Accenture Labs incubate and prototype new concepts through applied research and development projects. Within this, we incubate and apply emerging technology innovation to business architectures, including robotics, quantum and advanced AI along with many other disruptive technologies and ideas.

We harness our unique intellectual property to deliver these innovation services. We have a global portfolio of patents and pending patent applications covering various technology areas, including AI, cloud, cybersecurity, automation, analytics and quantum. We leverage patent, trade secret and copyright laws as well as contractual arrangements and confidentiality procedures to protect the intellectual property in our innovative solutions and services. These include our proprietary platforms, software, reusable knowledge capital, and other innovations. We also have policies to respect the intellectual property rights of third parties, such as our clients, partners, vendors and others.

To protect Accenture’s brands, we rely on intellectual property laws and trademark registrations held around the world. Trademarks appearing in this report are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Accenture Global Services Limited, Accenture Global Solutions Limited, or third parties, as applicable.

Assets and Platforms

We bring industry specific solutions and services as well as cross industry expertise and leverage our scale and global footprint, innovation capabilities, and strong ecosystem partnerships together with our proprietary assets and platforms including GenWizard, myNav, SynOps and AI Navigator for Enterprise to deliver tangible value for our clients. We have significantly embedded advanced AI into our proprietary platforms like GenWizard, which enables us to deliver differently for our clients.

Competition

Accenture operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing global marketplace. We compete with a variety of organizations that offer solutions and services competitive with those we offer—but we believe no other company offers the full range of services at scale that Accenture does, which uniquely positions us in a highly competitive market. Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive basis.

Our competitors include large multinational IT service providers, including the services arms of large global technology providers; off-shore IT service providers in lower-cost locations, particularly in India; accounting firms and consultancies that provide consulting, managed services and other IT solutions and services; solution or service providers that compete with us in a specific geographic market, industry or service area, including advertising agency holding companies, engineering services providers and technology start-ups and other companies that can scaled rapidly to focus on or disrupt certain markets and provide new or alternative products, end-to-end solutions, services, or commercial or delivery models; and in-house IT departments of large corporations that use their own resources rather than engage an outside firm, such as global capability centers (“GCC’s”).

Information About Our Executive Officers

Our executive officers as of October 10, 2025 are as follows:

Organizational Structure

Accenture plc was incorporated in Ireland on June 10, 2009 as a public limited company. We operate our business through subsidiaries of Accenture plc.

The Consolidated Financial Statements reflect the ownership interests in Accenture Canada Holdings Inc. held by certain current and former members of Accenture Leadership as noncontrolling interests. The noncontrolling ownership interests were less than 1% as of August 31, 2025. “Accenture Leadership” is comprised of members of our global management committee (our primary management and leadership team, which consists of approximately 55 of our most senior leaders), senior managing directors and managing directors.
