Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk

Market Sensitivity

We have market risk primarily in connection with the pricing of our products and services, the purchase of raw materials, and the cost of shipping and handling. We strive to offset pricing declines for certain products through obtaining reductions in raw materials costs and the introduction of new products.

Inflation

Our business has at times been impacted by increasing costs. If our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

The operation of Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have experienced significant impacts to our financial results due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. Dollar. The potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of operations. The Company has not historically hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks with financial instruments.

The currencies that have historically created a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure include the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and Polish Zloty. Garmin Corporation, headquartered in Xizhi, Taiwan, uses the local currency as the functional currency. The Company translates all assets and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at rates prevailing during the year. In order to minimize the effect of the currency exchange fluctuations on our net assets, we have elected to retain most of our Taiwan subsidiary’s cash and investments denominated in U.S. Dollars.

Most European subsidiaries use the Euro as the functional currency. The functional currency of our largest European subsidiary, Garmin (Europe) Ltd., is the U.S. Dollar, although some transactions occur in British Pound Sterling or Euros. The functional currency of Garmin Wroclaw, a subsidiary headquartered in Poland that manufactures certain auto OEM products, is the Polish Zloty. Foreign currency gains or losses have been realized historically related to the movements of those currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar.

During fiscal year 2025, the Company incurred a net foreign currency gain of $7.8 million. The U.S. Dollar weakened against the Euro and Polish Zloty, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Swiss Franc and Taiwan Dollar. During fiscal 2025, the U.S. Dollar weakened 12.9% against the Euro and 14.3% against the Polish Zloty, resulting in gains of $49.2 million and $8.1 million, respectively, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening 14.1% against the Swiss Franc and 4.6% against the Taiwan Dollar, resulting in losses of $36.9 million and $16.8 million, respectively. The remaining net currency gain of $4.2 million was related to the impacts of other currencies, each of which was individually immaterial. These and other currency moves during fiscal year 2025 also resulted in a currency translation adjustment of $136.0 million within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

We assessed the Company’s exposure to movements in currency exchange rates by performing a sensitivity analysis of adverse changes in exchange rates and the corresponding impact to our results of operations. Based on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than respective functional currencies as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, hypothetical and reasonably possible adverse changes of 10% for the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, Polish Zloty, and Australian Dollar would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before income taxes of approximately $135 million and $100 million, respectively.

Interest Rate Risk

We have no outstanding long-term debt as of December 27, 2025 and otherwise have no meaningful debt-related interest rate risk.

We are exposed to interest rate risk in connection with our investments in marketable securities. As interest rates change, the unrealized gains and losses associated with our available-for-sale debt securities will fluctuate accordingly.

The primary objectives of the Company’s investment policy are to preserve capital, maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within the constraint of low credit risk. The Company does not intend to sell securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell such investments before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be at maturity. As of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the Company had not recognized an allowance for credit losses on any securities in an unrealized loss position.

We assessed the Company’s exposure to interest rate risk by performing a sensitivity analysis of a parallel shift in the yield curve and the corresponding impact to the Company’s portfolio of marketable securities. Based on balance sheet positions as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the hypothetical and reasonably possible 100 basis point increases in interest rates across all securities would have resulted in declines in portfolio fair market value of approximately $41 million and $30 million at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity.
