Item 3. Legal Proceedings

In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, actions, and complaints, including matters involving patent infringement, other intellectual property, product liability, customer claims and various other risks. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will ultimately be successful in any of these legal matters, or if not, what the impact might be. However, the Company’s management does not expect that the results in any of these legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

The Company settled or resolved certain matters during the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.

Item 4. Mine Sa fety Disclosure

Not applicable.

Information about our Executive Officers

Garmin’s executive officers as of February 18, 2026 were as follows:

Dr. Min H. Kao has served as Executive Chairman of Garmin Ltd. since January 2013. Dr. Kao is one of Garmin’s co-founders and previously served as Chairman from August 2004 to December 2012 and Co-Chairman from August 2000 to August 2004. He served as Chief Executive Officer from August 2002 to December 2012 and as Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2000 to August 2002.

Clifton A. Pemble has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Garmin Ltd. since January 2013. He has also served as a director of Garmin Ltd. since August 2004. Since joining Garmin in October 1989 as a Software Engineer, he has held various other positions, including President and Chief Operating Officer, Vice President - Engineering and Director of Engineering. Mr. Pemble also serves as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries.

Douglas G. Boessen has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2014. Mr. Boessen also serves as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries.

Patrick G. Desbois has served as co-Chief Operating Officer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2024. He joined Garmin in November 2011 as Vice President, Executive Office and also served as Executive Vice President, Operations of Garmin International, Inc., a principal subsidiary of Garmin Ltd.

Bradley C. Trenkle has served as co-Chief Operating Officer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2024. Since joining Garmin in 2002 as a Software Engineer, he has held various leadership positions at the Company, including Vice President, Outdoor Segment of Garmin International, Inc. Mr. Trenkle also serves as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries.

Joshua H. Maxfield has served as Vice President and General Counsel of Garmin Ltd. since July 2024 and has also served as Secretary of Garmin Ltd. since August 2025. Since joining Garmin in August of 2006 as a Senior Staff Attorney, he has held various other positions, including Associate General Counsel-Corporate and Assistant Secretary. Mr. Maxfield also serves as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries.

Sean M. Biddlecombe has served as Managing Director, EMEA for Garmin (Europe) Ltd., a principal subsidiary of Garmin Ltd., since February 2011. He joined Garmin in February 1994 as General Manager of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. Mr. Biddlecombe also serves as a director and officer of various other Garmin subsidiaries.

Edward J. Link has served as Vice President, Information Technology of Garmin International, Inc. since July of 2007. He joined Garmin in December of 2006 as Director, Information Technology.

Susan C. Lyman has served as Vice President, Global Consumer Sales and Marketing of Garmin International, Inc. since March 2025. Since rejoining Garmin in 2010, she has held the positions of Product Manager, Team Leader Marketing, Director Marketing, and Vice President, Global Consumer Marketing. Ms. Lyman previously worked for Garmin as a Marketing Manager from 1996 to 1999.

Laurie A. Minard has served as Vice President, Human Resources of Garmin International, Inc. since July 2007. Since joining Garmin in March 1996, she has held the positions of Human Resources Specialist and Director, Human Resources.

Matthew W. Munn has served as Executive Vice President, Managing Director – Auto OEM of Garmin International, Inc. since July 2024. He joined Garmin in May 2011 as Vice President, Managing Director – Auto OEM.

Philip I. Straub has served as Executive Vice President, Managing Director - Aviation of Garmin International, Inc. since February 2017. Since joining Garmin in July 1993 as a Software Engineer, he has held various other positions, including Director of Engineering and Software Engineering Manager. Mr. Straub also serves as a director and officer of various other Garmin subsidiaries.

Wang Cheng-Wei has served as General Manager of Garmin Corporation, a principal subsidiary of Garmin Ltd., since April 2019. Since joining Garmin in July 1992, he has served in various other positions, including as a Supervisor, Manager, Director and Assistant General Manager of Garmin Corporation. Mr. Wang also serves as a director and officer of various other Garmin subsidiaries.

All executive officers are elected or appointed annually and hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify or until their removal or resignation. There are no arrangements or understandings between the executive officers and any other person pursuant to which he or she was or is to be selected as an officer. There is no family relationship among any of the executive officers.

PART II
