Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries

Years Ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023

Contents

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Garmin Ltd.

Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 27, 2025, and December 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 18, 2026 , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 27, 2025, and December 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 18, 2026 , expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

Measurement of Uncertain Tax Positions

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1990.

Kansas City, Missouri

February 18, 2026

See accompanying notes.

See accompanying notes.

Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(In thousands, except share and per share information)

December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company or Garmin) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based and information products and services. Garmin Corporation is primarily responsible for manufacturing and distribution of many products to other subsidiaries of the Company and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Asia, which is part of the Company’s Asia Pacific and Australian Continent (APAC) region. Garmin International, Inc. (Garmin International) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of products in the Company’s Americas region, which includes North America and South America, and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. Garmin International also manufactures products for the Company’s aviation and auto OEM segments. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with many of these sales made to other Company-owned distributors in the EMEA region. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Changes in Classification and Allocation As previously disclosed, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company changed the presentation of operating expense to include advertising expense within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of income, which management believes to be a more meaningful presentation. The Company continued this presentation of operating expense in the current period. Results for the 52-week period ended December 30, 2023 were recast to conform to this presentation. This change had no effect on the Company’s consolidated operating or net income. Fiscal Year The Company’s fiscal year is based on a 52- or 53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there are not exactly 52 weeks in a calendar year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks in certain fiscal years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs. In those resulting fiscal years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore, the financial results of those 53-week fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarters, will not be entirely comparable to the prior and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated 13-week quarters. Fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 each included 52 weeks . Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company or Garmin) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based and information products and services. Garmin Corporation is primarily responsible for manufacturing and distribution of many products to other subsidiaries of the Company and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Asia, which is part of the Company’s Asia Pacific and Australian Continent (APAC) region. Garmin International, Inc. (Garmin International) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of products in the Company’s Americas region, which includes North America and South America, and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. Garmin International also manufactures products for the Company’s aviation and auto OEM segments. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with many of these sales made to other Company-owned distributors in the EMEA region. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation

Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company or Garmin) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based and information products and services. Garmin Corporation is primarily responsible for manufacturing and distribution of many products to other subsidiaries of the Company and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Asia, which is part of the Company’s Asia Pacific and Australian Continent (APAC) region. Garmin International, Inc. (Garmin International) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of products in the Company’s Americas region, which includes North America and South America, and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. Garmin International also manufactures products for the Company’s aviation and auto OEM segments. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), with many of these sales made to other Company-owned distributors in the EMEA region.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.

Changes in Classification and Allocation As previously disclosed, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company changed the presentation of operating expense to include advertising expense within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of income, which management believes to be a more meaningful presentation. The Company continued this presentation of operating expense in the current period. Results for the 52-week period ended December 30, 2023 were recast to conform to this presentation. This change had no effect on the Company’s consolidated operating or net income.

Changes in Classification and Allocation

As previously disclosed, beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company changed the presentation of operating expense to include advertising expense within selling, general and administrative expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of income, which management believes to be a more meaningful presentation. The Company continued this presentation of operating expense in the current period. Results for the 52-week period ended December 30, 2023 were recast to conform to this presentation. This change had no effect on the Company’s consolidated operating or net income.

Fiscal Year The Company’s fiscal year is based on a 52- or 53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there are not exactly 52 weeks in a calendar year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks in certain fiscal years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs. In those resulting fiscal years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore, the financial results of those 53-week fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarters, will not be entirely comparable to the prior and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated 13-week quarters. Fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 each included 52 weeks .

Fiscal Year

The Company’s fiscal year is based on a 52- or 53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there are not exactly 52 weeks in a calendar year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks in certain fiscal years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs.

In those resulting fiscal years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore, the financial results of those 53-week fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarters, will not be entirely comparable to the prior and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated 13-week quarters. Fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 each included 52 weeks .

Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Foreign Currency Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries utilize a currency other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters , the financial statements of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Cumulative currency translation adjustments of $ 19,103 and $ ( 116,866 ) as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively, have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency gain or loss is typically driven by the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in a currency other than the functional currency at a given legal entity. Net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 7,847 for the year ended December 27, 2025, net foreign currency losses recorded in results of operations were $ 20,599 for the year ended December 28, 2024, and net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 26,434 for the year ended December 30, 2023. The gain in fiscal 2025 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Euro and Polish Zloty, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Swiss Franc and Taiwan Dollar. The loss in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Euro, Polish Zloty and Australian Dollar, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Taiwan Dollar. The gain in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Polish Zloty and Euro, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening at times during the year against the Taiwan Dollar. Garmin Corporation, one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange Control Statute (the Statute), and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions, so the Statute does not impose any significant restrictions on import or export activities involving foreign currencies in Taiwan. Non-trade related currency exchanges exceeding $50 million, or its equivalent, in a calendar year require approval of the CBC. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control of promised products or services to the customer in an amount that depicts the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled for the related products or services. For the large majority of the Company’s sales, transfer of control occurs once product has shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. The Company offers certain tangible products with ongoing services promised over a period of time. When such services have been identified as both capable of being distinct and separately identifiable from the related tangible product, the associated revenue allocated to such services is recognized over time. These ongoing services primarily consist of the Company’s contractual promises to provide map update services to customers that use its navigation products. The Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales. The Company allocates revenue to all performance obligations associated with tangible products containing separately identifiable ongoing services based on the respective performance obligations’ relative standalone selling prices (SSP), with the amounts allocated to ongoing services deferred and recognized over the contractual service period or estimated life of the product. Additionally, the Company has offered certain other products and services with ongoing performance obligations for which the associated revenue is recognized over the contractual service period (typically ranging from 1 month to 3 years ), including aviation database and other service subscriptions, incremental navigation and communication service subscriptions, premium content subscriptions delivered through mobile applications, and extended warranties.

Foreign Currency Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries utilize a currency other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters , the financial statements of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Cumulative currency translation adjustments of $ 19,103 and $ ( 116,866 ) as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively, have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency gain or loss is typically driven by the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in a currency other than the functional currency at a given legal entity. Net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 7,847 for the year ended December 27, 2025, net foreign currency losses recorded in results of operations were $ 20,599 for the year ended December 28, 2024, and net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 26,434 for the year ended December 30, 2023. The gain in fiscal 2025 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Euro and Polish Zloty, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Swiss Franc and Taiwan Dollar. The loss in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Euro, Polish Zloty and Australian Dollar, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Taiwan Dollar. The gain in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Polish Zloty and Euro, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening at times during the year against the Taiwan Dollar. Garmin Corporation, one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange Control Statute (the Statute), and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions, so the Statute does not impose any significant restrictions on import or export activities involving foreign currencies in Taiwan. Non-trade related currency exchanges exceeding $50 million, or its equivalent, in a calendar year require approval of the CBC.

Foreign Currency

Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries utilize a currency other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 830, Foreign Currency Matters , the financial statements of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’ equity. Cumulative currency translation adjustments of $ 19,103 and $ ( 116,866 ) as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively, have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency gain or loss is typically driven by the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in a currency other than the functional currency at a given legal entity. Net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 7,847 for the year ended December 27, 2025, net foreign currency losses recorded in results of operations were $ 20,599 for the year ended December 28, 2024, and net foreign currency gains recorded in results of operations were $ 26,434 for the year ended December 30, 2023. The gain in fiscal 2025 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Euro and Polish Zloty, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Swiss Franc and Taiwan Dollar. The loss in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Euro, Polish Zloty and Australian Dollar, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar strengthening against the Taiwan Dollar. The gain in fiscal 2023 was primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Polish Zloty and Euro, partially offset by the U.S. Dollar weakening at times during the year against the Taiwan Dollar.

Garmin Corporation, one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange Control Statute (the Statute), and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions, so the Statute does not impose any significant restrictions on import or export activities involving foreign currencies in Taiwan. Non-trade related currency exchanges exceeding $50 million, or its equivalent, in a calendar year require approval of the CBC.

Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control of promised products or services to the customer in an amount that depicts the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled for the related products or services. For the large majority of the Company’s sales, transfer of control occurs once product has shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. The Company offers certain tangible products with ongoing services promised over a period of time. When such services have been identified as both capable of being distinct and separately identifiable from the related tangible product, the associated revenue allocated to such services is recognized over time. These ongoing services primarily consist of the Company’s contractual promises to provide map update services to customers that use its navigation products. The Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales. The Company allocates revenue to all performance obligations associated with tangible products containing separately identifiable ongoing services based on the respective performance obligations’ relative standalone selling prices (SSP), with the amounts allocated to ongoing services deferred and recognized over the contractual service period or estimated life of the product. Additionally, the Company has offered certain other products and services with ongoing performance obligations for which the associated revenue is recognized over the contractual service period (typically ranging from 1 month to 3 years ), including aviation database and other service subscriptions, incremental navigation and communication service subscriptions, premium content subscriptions delivered through mobile applications, and extended warranties.

Revenue Recognition

The Company recognizes revenue upon the transfer of control of promised products or services to the customer in an amount that depicts the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled for the related products or services. For the large majority of the Company’s sales, transfer of control occurs once product has shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer.

The Company offers certain tangible products with ongoing services promised over a period of time. When such services have been identified as both capable of being distinct and separately identifiable from the related tangible product, the associated revenue allocated to such services is recognized over time. These ongoing services primarily consist of the Company’s contractual promises to provide map update services to customers that use its navigation products. The Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales.

The Company allocates revenue to all performance obligations associated with tangible products containing separately identifiable ongoing services based on the respective performance obligations’ relative standalone selling prices (SSP), with the amounts allocated to ongoing services deferred and recognized over the contractual service period or estimated life of the product.

Additionally, the Company has offered certain other products and services with ongoing performance obligations for which the associated revenue is recognized over the contractual service period (typically ranging from 1 month to 3 years ), including aviation database and other service subscriptions, incremental navigation and communication service subscriptions, premium content subscriptions delivered through mobile applications, and extended warranties.

The Company records revenue net of sales tax or value-added tax and variable consideration such as trade discounts and customer returns. Payment is due typically within 90 days or less of shipment of product or upon the initiation of a service or subscription period. The Company records estimated reductions to revenue in the form of variable consideration for returns and customer sales programs including rebates, price protection, promotions, and other volume-based incentives. Cooperative advertising incentives payable to dealers and distributors are recorded as reductions of revenue unless the Company obtains proof of a distinct advertising service, in which case the incentive is recorded as advertising expense. The reductions to revenue are based on estimates and judgments using historical experience and expectation of future conditions, if not otherwise determinable. Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and handling activities are typically performed before the customer obtains control of the good, and the related costs are expensed at the approximate time of sale. Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $ 228,543 , $ 191,585 , and $ 173,109 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively, and is included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Software Development Costs ASC Topic 985-20, Software – Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed , requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility has been established, at which time those costs are subject to capitalization until the product is available for general release to customers. Costs incurred by the Company subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are generally not significant, as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short. As required by ASC Topic 730, Research and Development , costs incurred to enhance the Company’ s existing products or after the general release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Accounting for Stock Compensation The Company currently sponsors three employee stock compensation plans. ASC Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation , requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options and restricted stock units, based on estimated fair values. The Company estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock compensation expense over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated statements of income. As stock compensation expense recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it is net of estimated and actual forfeitures. Accounting guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience. Excess tax benefits or deficiencies from stock compensation are recognized in the income tax provision and recorded as discrete tax items in the period in which they occur. Excess income tax benefits from stock compensation arrangements are classified as a cash flow from operations. Stock compensation plans are discussed in more detail in Note 10 – Employee Stock Compensation and Savings Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company records revenue net of sales tax or value-added tax and variable consideration such as trade discounts and customer returns. Payment is due typically within 90 days or less of shipment of product or upon the initiation of a service or subscription period. The Company records estimated reductions to revenue in the form of variable consideration for returns and customer sales programs including rebates, price protection, promotions, and other volume-based incentives. Cooperative advertising incentives payable to dealers and distributors are recorded as reductions of revenue unless the Company obtains proof of a distinct advertising service, in which case the incentive is recorded as advertising expense. The reductions to revenue are based on estimates and judgments using historical experience and expectation of future conditions, if not otherwise determinable.

Shipping and Handling Costs Shipping and handling activities are typically performed before the customer obtains control of the good, and the related costs are expensed at the approximate time of sale. Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Shipping and Handling Costs

Shipping and handling activities are typically performed before the customer obtains control of the good, and the related costs are expensed at the approximate time of sale. Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $ 228,543 , $ 191,585 , and $ 173,109 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively, and is included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Advertising Costs

The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $ 228,543 , $ 191,585 , and $ 173,109 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively, and is included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Software Development Costs ASC Topic 985-20, Software – Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed , requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility has been established, at which time those costs are subject to capitalization until the product is available for general release to customers. Costs incurred by the Company subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are generally not significant, as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short. As required by ASC Topic 730, Research and Development , costs incurred to enhance the Company’ s existing products or after the general release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Software Development Costs

ASC Topic 985-20, Software – Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Marketed , requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility has been established, at which time those costs are subject to capitalization until the product is available for general release to customers. Costs incurred by the Company subsequent to achievement of technological feasibility are generally not significant, as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short. As required by ASC Topic 730, Research and Development , costs incurred to enhance the Company’ s existing products or after the general release of the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.

Accounting for Stock Compensation The Company currently sponsors three employee stock compensation plans. ASC Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation , requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options and restricted stock units, based on estimated fair values. The Company estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock compensation expense over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated statements of income. As stock compensation expense recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it is net of estimated and actual forfeitures. Accounting guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience. Excess tax benefits or deficiencies from stock compensation are recognized in the income tax provision and recorded as discrete tax items in the period in which they occur. Excess income tax benefits from stock compensation arrangements are classified as a cash flow from operations. Stock compensation plans are discussed in more detail in Note 10 – Employee Stock Compensation and Savings Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Accounting for Stock Compensation

The Company currently sponsors three employee stock compensation plans. ASC Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation , requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options and restricted stock units, based on estimated fair values.

The Company estimates the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock compensation expense over the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.

As stock compensation expense recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it is net of estimated and actual forfeitures. Accounting guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based on historical experience.

Excess tax benefits or deficiencies from stock compensation are recognized in the income tax provision and recorded as discrete tax items in the period in which they occur. Excess income tax benefits from stock compensation arrangements are classified as a cash flow from operations.

Stock compensation plans are discussed in more detail in Note 10 – Employee Stock Compensation and Savings Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Research and Development Research and development costs, which are typically expensed as incurred, amounted to approximately $ 1,126,231 , $ 993,601 , and $ 904,696 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively. Preproduction Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Arrangements Preproduction design and development costs related to long-term supply arrangements are expensed as incurred, and classified as research and development, unless the customer has provided a contractual guarantee for reimbursement of such costs. Contractually reimbursable costs are capitalized as incurred in the consolidated balance sheets within prepaid expenses and other current assets if reimbursement is expected to be received within one year, or within other noncurrent assets if expected to be received beyond one year. Such capitalized costs were approximately $ 18,190 and $ 18,071 as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , respectively. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The liability method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740. The Company recognizes liabilities based on its estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities results in tax benefits being recognized in the period when the Company determines the liabilities are no longer necessary. If the Company’s estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result. Income taxes are discussed in more detail in Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive share-based compensation awards has been reduced by the number of shares that could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise or release at the average market price of the Company’s shares during the period the awards were outstanding. See Note 3 – Earnings Per Share of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, deposits readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and securities with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short maturity of those instruments. Restricted cash is reported within other noncurrent assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on restricted cash. The total of the cash and cash equivalents balance and the restricted cash reported within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets is equal to the total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Research and Development Research and development costs, which are typically expensed as incurred, amounted to approximately $ 1,126,231 , $ 993,601 , and $ 904,696 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively.

Research and Development

Research and development costs, which are typically expensed as incurred, amounted to approximately $ 1,126,231 , $ 993,601 , and $ 904,696 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , respectively.

Preproduction Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Arrangements Preproduction design and development costs related to long-term supply arrangements are expensed as incurred, and classified as research and development, unless the customer has provided a contractual guarantee for reimbursement of such costs. Contractually reimbursable costs are capitalized as incurred in the consolidated balance sheets within prepaid expenses and other current assets if reimbursement is expected to be received within one year, or within other noncurrent assets if expected to be received beyond one year. Such capitalized costs were approximately $ 18,190 and $ 18,071 as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , respectively.

Preproduction Costs Related to Long-Term Supply Arrangements

Preproduction design and development costs related to long-term supply arrangements are expensed as incurred, and classified as research and development, unless the customer has provided a contractual guarantee for reimbursement of such costs. Contractually reimbursable costs are capitalized as incurred in the consolidated balance sheets within prepaid expenses and other current assets if reimbursement is expected to be received within one year, or within other noncurrent assets if expected to be received beyond one year. Such capitalized costs were approximately $ 18,190 and $ 18,071 as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , respectively.

Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The liability method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740. The Company recognizes liabilities based on its estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities results in tax benefits being recognized in the period when the Company determines the liabilities are no longer necessary. If the Company’s estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result. Income taxes are discussed in more detail in Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The liability method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.

The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740. The Company recognizes liabilities based on its estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities results in tax benefits being recognized in the period when the Company determines the liabilities are no longer necessary. If the Company’s estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result.

Income taxes are discussed in more detail in Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive share-based compensation awards has been reduced by the number of shares that could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise or release at the average market price of the Company’s shares during the period the awards were outstanding. See Note 3 – Earnings Per Share of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive share-based compensation awards has been reduced by the number of shares that could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise or release at the average market price of the Company’s shares during the period the awards were outstanding. See Note 3 – Earnings Per Share of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, deposits readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and securities with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short maturity of those instruments. Restricted cash is reported within other noncurrent assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on restricted cash. The total of the cash and cash equivalents balance and the restricted cash reported within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets is equal to the total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, deposits readily convertible to known amounts of cash, and securities with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short maturity of those instruments. Restricted cash is reported within other noncurrent assets on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on restricted cash.

The total of the cash and cash equivalents balance and the restricted cash reported within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets is equal to the total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

Marketable Securities Management determines the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date. All of the Company’s marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 27, 2025. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. At December 27, 2025, cumulative unrealized net gains of $ 1,542 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes. At December 28, 2024, cumulative unrealized losses of $ 30,372 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes. The Company recognizes impairments relating to credit losses of available-for-sale securities through an allowance for credit losses and other income (expense) on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Impairment not relating to credit losses is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Testing for impairment of investments requires management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination of their fair value, and the assessment of whether any decline in value is related to credit losses are the primary elements of the assessment that require judgment. The discovery of new information and the passage of time can change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment. In making this assessment management evaluates the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, any change in credit rating of the security, adverse conditions specifically related to the security, failure of the issuer to make scheduled payments, and other relevant factors affecting the security. If it is determined that a credit loss exists, the amount of the credit loss is determined by comparing the present value of the expected future cash flows for the security to the amortized cost basis of the security, limited by the amount the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. The amortized cost of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity, or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization and realized gains/losses are recorded within interest income and other income (expense), respectively, on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Marketable securities are discussed in more detail in Note 4 – Marketable Securities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Fair Value of Financial Instruments As required by ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , the following summarizes required information about the fair value of certain financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments are held or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are as follows: For certain of the Company’s other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

Marketable Securities Management determines the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date. All of the Company’s marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 27, 2025. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. At December 27, 2025, cumulative unrealized net gains of $ 1,542 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes. At December 28, 2024, cumulative unrealized losses of $ 30,372 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes. The Company recognizes impairments relating to credit losses of available-for-sale securities through an allowance for credit losses and other income (expense) on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Impairment not relating to credit losses is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Testing for impairment of investments requires management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination of their fair value, and the assessment of whether any decline in value is related to credit losses are the primary elements of the assessment that require judgment. The discovery of new information and the passage of time can change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment. In making this assessment management evaluates the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, any change in credit rating of the security, adverse conditions specifically related to the security, failure of the issuer to make scheduled payments, and other relevant factors affecting the security. If it is determined that a credit loss exists, the amount of the credit loss is determined by comparing the present value of the expected future cash flows for the security to the amortized cost basis of the security, limited by the amount the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. The amortized cost of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity, or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization and realized gains/losses are recorded within interest income and other income (expense), respectively, on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Marketable securities are discussed in more detail in Note 4 – Marketable Securities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Marketable Securities

Management determines the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance sheet date.

All of the Company’s marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 27, 2025. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. At December 27, 2025, cumulative unrealized net gains of $ 1,542 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes. At December 28, 2024, cumulative unrealized losses of $ 30,372 were reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related taxes.

The Company recognizes impairments relating to credit losses of available-for-sale securities through an allowance for credit losses and other income (expense) on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Impairment not relating to credit losses is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

Testing for impairment of investments requires management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination of their fair value, and the assessment of whether any decline in value is related to credit losses are the primary elements of the assessment that require judgment. The discovery of new information and the passage of time can change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment.

In making this assessment management evaluates the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis, any change in credit rating of the security, adverse conditions specifically related to the security, failure of the issuer to make scheduled payments, and other relevant factors affecting the security. If it is determined that a credit loss exists, the amount of the credit loss is determined by comparing the present value of the expected future cash flows for the security to the amortized cost basis of the security, limited by the amount the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis.

The amortized cost of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity, or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization and realized gains/losses are recorded within interest income and other income (expense), respectively, on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.

Marketable securities are discussed in more detail in Note 4 – Marketable Securities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments As required by ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , the following summarizes required information about the fair value of certain financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments are held or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are as follows: For certain of the Company’s other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

As required by ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , the following summarizes required information about the fair value of certain financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments are held or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are as follows:

For certain of the Company’s other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable and other accrued liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

Trade Accounts Receivable The Company sells its products to retailers, dealers, distributors, OEMs, and other customers and grants credit to certain customers based on its evaluation of customers' financial condition. Generally, the Company does not require security when trade credit is granted to customers. The Company’ s trade accounts receivable are carried at net realizable value, typically are collected within 90 days, and do not bear interest. Certain customers are allowed extended terms consistent with normal industry practice. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Past due receivable balances are typically written off when internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide some security against certain losses within policy limits. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company’s top ten customers have contributed between approximately 20 % and 25 % of net sales annually since 2023. None of the Company’s customers individually accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 . Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead associated with purchases and production and is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. The Company writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. The details of i nventories consisted of the following: Deferred Revenues and Costs At December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $ 127,923 and $ 139,318 , respectively, and related deferred costs totaling $ 21,911 and $ 30,938 , respectively. Deferred revenue consists primarily of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are recognized over a period of time basis as discussed in the Revenue Recognition portion of this footnote. Deferred costs primarily refer to the license fees incurred by the Company associated with the aforementioned unsatisfied performance obligations, which are amortized over the same period as the revenue is recognized. The Company typically pays the associated license fees either monthly or quarterly in arrears, on a per item shipped or delivered basis. The Company applies a practical expedient, as permitted within ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs , to expense as incurred the incremental costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period of the asset that would have otherwise been recognized is one year or less.

Trade Accounts Receivable The Company sells its products to retailers, dealers, distributors, OEMs, and other customers and grants credit to certain customers based on its evaluation of customers' financial condition. Generally, the Company does not require security when trade credit is granted to customers. The Company’ s trade accounts receivable are carried at net realizable value, typically are collected within 90 days, and do not bear interest. Certain customers are allowed extended terms consistent with normal industry practice. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Past due receivable balances are typically written off when internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide some security against certain losses within policy limits.

Trade Accounts Receivable

The Company sells its products to retailers, dealers, distributors, OEMs, and other customers and grants credit to certain customers based on its evaluation of customers' financial condition. Generally, the Company does not require security when trade credit is granted to customers. The Company’ s trade accounts receivable are carried at net realizable value, typically are collected within 90 days, and do not bear interest. Certain customers are allowed extended terms consistent with normal industry practice. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Past due receivable balances are typically written off when internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide some security against certain losses within policy limits.

Concentration of Credit Risk The Company’s top ten customers have contributed between approximately 20 % and 25 % of net sales annually since 2023. None of the Company’s customers individually accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 .

Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company’s top ten customers have contributed between approximately 20 % and 25 % of net sales annually since 2023. None of the Company’s customers individually accounted for 10% or more of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 .

Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead associated with purchases and production and is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. The Company writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. The details of i nventories consisted of the following:

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead associated with purchases and production and is determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. The Company writes down its inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. The details of i nventories consisted of the following:

Deferred Revenues and Costs At December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $ 127,923 and $ 139,318 , respectively, and related deferred costs totaling $ 21,911 and $ 30,938 , respectively. Deferred revenue consists primarily of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are recognized over a period of time basis as discussed in the Revenue Recognition portion of this footnote. Deferred costs primarily refer to the license fees incurred by the Company associated with the aforementioned unsatisfied performance obligations, which are amortized over the same period as the revenue is recognized. The Company typically pays the associated license fees either monthly or quarterly in arrears, on a per item shipped or delivered basis. The Company applies a practical expedient, as permitted within ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs , to expense as incurred the incremental costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period of the asset that would have otherwise been recognized is one year or less.

Deferred Revenues and Costs

At December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $ 127,923 and $ 139,318 , respectively, and related deferred costs totaling $ 21,911 and $ 30,938 , respectively.

Deferred revenue consists primarily of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are recognized over a period of time basis as discussed in the Revenue Recognition portion of this footnote. Deferred costs primarily refer to the license fees incurred by the Company associated with the aforementioned unsatisfied performance obligations, which are amortized over the same period as the revenue is recognized. The Company typically pays the associated license fees either monthly or quarterly in arrears, on a per item shipped or delivered basis.

The Company applies a practical expedient, as permitted within ASC Topic 340, Other Assets and Deferred Costs , to expense as incurred the incremental costs to obtain a contract when the amortization period of the asset that would have otherwise been recognized is one year or less.

Property and Equipment Property and equipment is recorded at cost and typically depreciated using the straight-line method. The components of property and equipment were as follows and are generally depreciated over the following estimated useful lives: As required by ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , the Company reviews long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The Company did no t recognize any material long-lived asset impairment charges in the fiscal years of 2025, 2024, or 2023 . Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets The amount of excess purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination is recorded as goodwill and represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that were not individually and separately recognized. Goodwill was $ 760,241 at December 27, 2025, and $ 603,947 at December 28, 2024 . Each of the Company’s operating segments (fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM) represents a distinct reporting unit. The Company allocates goodwill to reporting units in proportion to the expected benefit from each business combination. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 are as follows: ASC Topic 350, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other , requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not be amortized but rather be assessed for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. The Company performs its annual impairment assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, if any, in the fourth quarter of each year, as of the Company’s fiscal year end date, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more likely than not that they may be impaired. ASC Topic 350 allows management to first perform a qualitative goodwill assessment by assessing the qualitative factors of relevant events and circumstances at the reporting unit level to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative test will be performed. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then a goodwill impairment charge will be recognized in the amount by which carrying amount exceeds fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

Property and Equipment Property and equipment is recorded at cost and typically depreciated using the straight-line method. The components of property and equipment were as follows and are generally depreciated over the following estimated useful lives: As required by ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , the Company reviews long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The Company did no t recognize any material long-lived asset impairment charges in the fiscal years of 2025, 2024, or 2023 .

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment is recorded at cost and typically depreciated using the straight-line method. The components of property and equipment were as follows and are generally depreciated over the following estimated useful lives:

As required by ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment , the Company reviews long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. That assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. The Company did no t recognize any material long-lived asset impairment charges in the fiscal years of 2025, 2024, or 2023 .

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets The amount of excess purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination is recorded as goodwill and represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that were not individually and separately recognized. Goodwill was $ 760,241 at December 27, 2025, and $ 603,947 at December 28, 2024 . Each of the Company’s operating segments (fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM) represents a distinct reporting unit. The Company allocates goodwill to reporting units in proportion to the expected benefit from each business combination. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 are as follows: ASC Topic 350, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other , requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not be amortized but rather be assessed for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. The Company performs its annual impairment assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, if any, in the fourth quarter of each year, as of the Company’s fiscal year end date, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more likely than not that they may be impaired. ASC Topic 350 allows management to first perform a qualitative goodwill assessment by assessing the qualitative factors of relevant events and circumstances at the reporting unit level to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative test will be performed. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then a goodwill impairment charge will be recognized in the amount by which carrying amount exceeds fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

The amount of excess purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination is recorded as goodwill and represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that were not individually and separately recognized. Goodwill was $ 760,241 at December 27, 2025, and $ 603,947 at December 28, 2024 . Each of the Company’s operating segments (fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM) represents a distinct reporting unit. The Company allocates goodwill to reporting units in proportion to the expected benefit from each business combination. Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 are as follows:

ASC Topic 350, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other , requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not be amortized but rather be assessed for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. The Company performs its annual impairment assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, if any, in the fourth quarter of each year, as of the Company’s fiscal year end date, and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more likely than not that they may be impaired.

ASC Topic 350 allows management to first perform a qualitative goodwill assessment by assessing the qualitative factors of relevant events and circumstances at the reporting unit level to determine if it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then the quantitative test will be performed. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then a goodwill impairment charge will be recognized in the amount by which carrying amount exceeds fair value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units and assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units. If a quantitative impairment test is performed, the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology, which also requires judgment and assumptions, including discount rate, projected future revenues, projected future operating margins, and terminal growth rates. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Management concluded that no goodwill associated with any reporting unit is currently at risk of impairment based on qualitative assessments performed in 2025 . The Company did no t recognize any material goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023. At December 27, 2025, and December 28, 2024 , the Company had intellectual property, customer related intangibles, and other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets recorded at a cost of $ 606,377 and $ 543,397 , respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis typically over three to twelve years . Accumulated amortization was $ 408,015 and $ 389,234 at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $ 32,368 , $ 30,666 , and $ 30,513 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. In the next five years, the amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of December 27, 2025 is estimated to be $ 32,725 , $ 29,303 , $ 24,042 , $ 21,054 , and $ 16,493 , re spectively. The Company also reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 360, as described above, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable. Leases The Company leases certain real estate properties, vehicles, and equipment in various countries around the world. Leased properties are typically used for office space, distribution, and retail. The Company’s leases are classified as operating leases with remaining terms of 1 to 30 years, some of which include an option to extend or renew. If the exercise of an option to extend or renew is determined to be reasonably certain, the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability reflects the extended period and payments. For newly signed leases, the right-of-use asset and lease liability is recognized on lease commencement date. Variable lease costs, such as future adjustments to payments based on consumer price indices, are excluded in the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. For all real estate leases, any non-lease components, including common area maintenance, have been separated from lease components and excluded from the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability calculations. For all equipment and vehicle leases, an accounting policy election has been made to not separate lease and non-lease components. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (“short-term leases”) are not recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as a right-of-use asset or lease liability. Product Warranty The Company accrues for estimated future warranty costs at the time products are sold. The Company provides standard warranties to its retail partners and end-users. The standard warranty generally provides for products to be free from defects in materials or workmanship, and the warranty period is generally one to two years from the date of shipment, while certain aviation, marine, and auto OEM products have a standard warranty period of two years or more from the date of installation. The Company’s estimates of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience and management’s expectations and judgments of future conditions, with most claims resolved within a year of the sale. The following reconciliation presents details of the changes in the Company’s accrued warranty costs:

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units and assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units. If a quantitative impairment test is performed, the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology, which also requires judgment and assumptions, including discount rate, projected future revenues, projected future operating margins, and terminal growth rates. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. Management concluded that no goodwill associated with any reporting unit is currently at risk of impairment based on qualitative assessments performed in 2025 . The Company did no t recognize any material goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023. At December 27, 2025, and December 28, 2024 , the Company had intellectual property, customer related intangibles, and other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets recorded at a cost of $ 606,377 and $ 543,397 , respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis typically over three to twelve years . Accumulated amortization was $ 408,015 and $ 389,234 at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $ 32,368 , $ 30,666 , and $ 30,513 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. In the next five years, the amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of December 27, 2025 is estimated to be $ 32,725 , $ 29,303 , $ 24,042 , $ 21,054 , and $ 16,493 , re spectively. The Company also reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 360, as described above, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable.

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units and assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units. If a quantitative impairment test is performed, the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology, which also requires judgment and assumptions, including discount rate, projected future revenues, projected future operating margins, and terminal growth rates. The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors.

Management concluded that no goodwill associated with any reporting unit is currently at risk of impairment based on qualitative assessments performed in 2025 . The Company did no t recognize any material goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in fiscal years 2025, 2024, or 2023.

At December 27, 2025, and December 28, 2024 , the Company had intellectual property, customer related intangibles, and other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets recorded at a cost of $ 606,377 and $ 543,397 , respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis typically over three to twelve years . Accumulated amortization was $ 408,015 and $ 389,234 at December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $ 32,368 , $ 30,666 , and $ 30,513 for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. In the next five years, the amortization expense related to intangible assets held as of December 27, 2025 is estimated to be $ 32,725 , $ 29,303 , $ 24,042 , $ 21,054 , and $ 16,493 , re spectively. The Company also reviews finite-lived intangible assets for impairment in accordance with ASC Topic 360, as described above, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be fully recoverable.

Leases The Company leases certain real estate properties, vehicles, and equipment in various countries around the world. Leased properties are typically used for office space, distribution, and retail. The Company’s leases are classified as operating leases with remaining terms of 1 to 30 years, some of which include an option to extend or renew. If the exercise of an option to extend or renew is determined to be reasonably certain, the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability reflects the extended period and payments. For newly signed leases, the right-of-use asset and lease liability is recognized on lease commencement date. Variable lease costs, such as future adjustments to payments based on consumer price indices, are excluded in the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. For all real estate leases, any non-lease components, including common area maintenance, have been separated from lease components and excluded from the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability calculations. For all equipment and vehicle leases, an accounting policy election has been made to not separate lease and non-lease components. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (“short-term leases”) are not recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as a right-of-use asset or lease liability.

Leases

The Company leases certain real estate properties, vehicles, and equipment in various countries around the world. Leased properties are typically used for office space, distribution, and retail. The Company’s leases are classified as operating leases with remaining terms of 1 to 30 years, some of which include an option to extend or renew. If the exercise of an option to extend or renew is determined to be reasonably certain, the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability reflects the extended period and payments. For newly signed leases, the right-of-use asset and lease liability is recognized on lease commencement date. Variable lease costs, such as future adjustments to payments based on consumer price indices, are excluded in the recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. For all real estate leases, any non-lease components, including common area maintenance, have been separated from lease components and excluded from the associated right-of-use asset and lease liability calculations. For all equipment and vehicle leases, an accounting policy election has been made to not separate lease and non-lease components.

Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (“short-term leases”) are not recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as a right-of-use asset or lease liability.

Product Warranty The Company accrues for estimated future warranty costs at the time products are sold. The Company provides standard warranties to its retail partners and end-users. The standard warranty generally provides for products to be free from defects in materials or workmanship, and the warranty period is generally one to two years from the date of shipment, while certain aviation, marine, and auto OEM products have a standard warranty period of two years or more from the date of installation. The Company’s estimates of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience and management’s expectations and judgments of future conditions, with most claims resolved within a year of the sale. The following reconciliation presents details of the changes in the Company’s accrued warranty costs:

Product Warranty

The Company accrues for estimated future warranty costs at the time products are sold. The Company provides standard warranties to its retail partners and end-users. The standard warranty generally provides for products to be free from defects in materials or workmanship, and the warranty period is generally one to two years from the date of shipment, while certain aviation, marine, and auto OEM products have a standard warranty period of two years or more from the date of installation. The Company’s estimates of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience and management’s expectations and judgments of future conditions, with most claims resolved within a year of the sale. The following reconciliation presents details of the changes in the Company’s accrued warranty costs:

(1) Changes in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties were not material and aggregated with accruals for new warranty contracts in the ‘accrual for products sold’ line. Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, investigations and complaints, including matters alleging patent infringement and other intellectual property claims. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly and annual basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations, claims, and other loss contingencies that could affect any required accrual or disclosure or estimate of reasonably possible loss or range of loss. An estimated loss from a loss contingency is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. If an outcome unfavorable to the Company is determined to be probable, but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated or is determined to be reasonably possible, but not probable, the Company discloses the nature of the contingency and an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made. The Company’s aggregate range of reasonably possible losses includes (1) matters where a liability has been accrued and there is a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued for that liability, and (2) matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, and a liability therefore has not been accrued. This aggregate range only represents the Company’s estimate of reasonably possible losses and does not represent the Company’s maximum loss exposure. The assessment regarding whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. In assessing the probability of an outcome in a lawsuit, claim or assessment that could be unfavorable to the Company, the Company considers the following factors, among others: (a) the nature of the litigation, claim, or assessment; (b) the progress of the case; (c) the opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisers; (d) the Company’s experience in similar cases; (e) the experience of other entities in similar cases; and (f) how the Company intends to respond to the lawsuit, claim, or assessment. Costs incurred in defending lawsuits, claims or assessments are expensed as incurred. See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on contingencies. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Income Taxes In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”) to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures, primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 requires the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation, provide additional information for certain reconciling items, and disaggregate its disclosure of income taxes paid for Switzerland federal, Switzerland cantonal and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company has adopted the new standard using a retrospective approach, recasting prior year disclosures to conform to current year presentation. See Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

(1) Changes in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties were not material and aggregated with accruals for new warranty contracts in the ‘accrual for products sold’ line.

Contingencies In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, investigations and complaints, including matters alleging patent infringement and other intellectual property claims. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly and annual basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations, claims, and other loss contingencies that could affect any required accrual or disclosure or estimate of reasonably possible loss or range of loss. An estimated loss from a loss contingency is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. If an outcome unfavorable to the Company is determined to be probable, but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated or is determined to be reasonably possible, but not probable, the Company discloses the nature of the contingency and an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made. The Company’s aggregate range of reasonably possible losses includes (1) matters where a liability has been accrued and there is a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued for that liability, and (2) matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, and a liability therefore has not been accrued. This aggregate range only represents the Company’s estimate of reasonably possible losses and does not represent the Company’s maximum loss exposure. The assessment regarding whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. In assessing the probability of an outcome in a lawsuit, claim or assessment that could be unfavorable to the Company, the Company considers the following factors, among others: (a) the nature of the litigation, claim, or assessment; (b) the progress of the case; (c) the opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisers; (d) the Company’s experience in similar cases; (e) the experience of other entities in similar cases; and (f) how the Company intends to respond to the lawsuit, claim, or assessment. Costs incurred in defending lawsuits, claims or assessments are expensed as incurred. See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on contingencies.

Contingencies

In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, investigations and complaints, including matters alleging patent infringement and other intellectual property claims. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly and annual basis, developments in legal proceedings, investigations, claims, and other loss contingencies that could affect any required accrual or disclosure or estimate of reasonably possible loss or range of loss. An estimated loss from a loss contingency is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. If a range of loss is estimated, and some amount within that range appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within that range, then that amount is accrued. If no amount within the range can be identified as a better estimate than any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range.

If an outcome unfavorable to the Company is determined to be probable, but the amount of loss cannot be reasonably estimated or is determined to be reasonably possible, but not probable, the Company discloses the nature of the contingency and an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made. The Company’s aggregate range of reasonably possible losses includes (1) matters where a liability has been accrued and there is a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued for that liability, and (2) matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, and a liability therefore has not been accrued. This aggregate range only represents the Company’s estimate of reasonably possible losses and does not represent the Company’s maximum loss exposure. The assessment regarding whether a loss is probable or reasonably possible, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. In assessing the probability of an outcome in a lawsuit, claim or assessment that could be unfavorable to the Company, the Company considers the following factors, among others: (a) the nature of the litigation, claim, or assessment; (b) the progress of the case; (c) the opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisers; (d) the Company’s experience in similar cases; (e) the experience of other entities in similar cases; and (f) how the Company intends to respond to the lawsuit, claim, or assessment. Costs incurred in defending lawsuits, claims or assessments are expensed as incurred.

See Note 7 – Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on contingencies.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Income Taxes In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”) to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures, primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 requires the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation, provide additional information for certain reconciling items, and disaggregate its disclosure of income taxes paid for Switzerland federal, Switzerland cantonal and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company has adopted the new standard using a retrospective approach, recasting prior year disclosures to conform to current year presentation. See Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

Income Taxes

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”) to enhance the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures, primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 requires the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation, provide additional information for certain reconciling items, and disaggregate its disclosure of income taxes paid for Switzerland federal, Switzerland cantonal and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company has adopted the new standard using a retrospective approach, recasting prior year disclosures to conform to current year presentation. See Note 5 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses In November 2024, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-03, Income Statement–Reporting Comprehensive Income–Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ("ASU 2024-03"), which requires additional disaggregated disclosures in the notes to financial statements for certain categories of expenses that are included in the expense captions on the face of the statements of income, on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The amendments may be applied using either a prospective or retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on its financial statement disclosures.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses

In November 2024, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-03, Income Statement–Reporting Comprehensive Income–Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ("ASU 2024-03"), which requires additional disaggregated disclosures in the notes to financial statements for certain categories of expenses that are included in the expense captions on the face of the statements of income, on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The amendments may be applied using either a prospective or retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the updated standard will have on its financial statement disclosures.

2. Revenue In order to further depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of the Company’s revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors, Garmin disaggregates revenue (or “net sales”) by geographic region, major product category, and pattern of recognition. Disaggregated revenue by geographic region (Americas, EMEA, and APAC) is presented in Note 11 – Segment Information and Geographic Data. Note 11 also contains disaggregated revenue information of the five major product categories identified by the Company (fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM), which also represent the Company’s operating segments. A large majority of the Company’s revenue is recognized on a point in time basis, usually once the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. Revenue recognized over time is primarily within the outdoor, aviation, and auto OEM segments and relates to performance obligations that are satisfied over the estimated life of the product or contractual service period. Revenue disaggregated by pattern of recognition, based on the timing of transfer of the goods or services, is presented in the table below: Transaction price and costs associated with the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations are reflected as deferred revenue and deferred costs, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Such amounts are recognized ratably over the applicable estimated useful life or contractual service period. Changes in deferred revenue and costs during the 52-week periods ending December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 are presented below: (1) Deferred revenue is comprised of both deferred revenue and noncurrent deferred revenue per the consolidated balance sheets. (2) Deferred costs are comprised of both deferred costs and noncurrent deferred costs per the consolidated balance sheets. Of the $ 334,625 of deferred revenue recognized in the 52-weeks ended December 27, 2025, approximately $ 93,000 was deferred as of the beginning of the period. Of the $ 328,779 of deferred revenue recognized in the

2. Revenue

In order to further depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of the Company’s revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors, Garmin disaggregates revenue (or “net sales”) by geographic region, major product category, and pattern of recognition.

Disaggregated revenue by geographic region (Americas, EMEA, and APAC) is presented in Note 11 – Segment Information and Geographic Data. Note 11 also contains disaggregated revenue information of the five major product categories identified by the Company (fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM), which also represent the Company’s operating segments.

A large majority of the Company’s revenue is recognized on a point in time basis, usually once the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. Revenue recognized over time is primarily within the outdoor, aviation, and auto OEM segments and relates to performance obligations that are satisfied over the estimated life of the product or contractual service period. Revenue disaggregated by pattern of recognition, based on the timing of transfer of the goods or services, is presented in the table below:

Transaction price and costs associated with the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations are reflected as deferred revenue and deferred costs, respectively, on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Such amounts are recognized ratably over the applicable estimated useful life or contractual service period. Changes in deferred revenue and costs during the 52-week periods ending December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 are presented below:

(1) Deferred revenue is comprised of both deferred revenue and noncurrent deferred revenue per the consolidated balance sheets. (2) Deferred costs are comprised of both deferred costs and noncurrent deferred costs per the consolidated balance sheets.

(1) Deferred revenue is comprised of both deferred revenue and noncurrent deferred revenue per the consolidated balance sheets.

(2) Deferred costs are comprised of both deferred costs and noncurrent deferred costs per the consolidated balance sheets.

Of the $ 334,625 of deferred revenue recognized in the 52-weeks ended December 27, 2025, approximately $ 93,000 was deferred as of the beginning of the period. Of the $ 328,779 of deferred revenue recognized in the

52-weeks ended December 28, 2024 , $ 92,093 was deferred as of the beginning of the period. Of the $ 127,923 of deferred revenue as of December 27, 2025 , the Company expects to recognize approximately 87% ratably over a total period of three years or less.

3. Earnings Per Share The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share. Stock options, stock appreciation rights, and restricted stock units are collectively referred to as "equity awards". There were no anti-dilutive equity awards excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share for the periods presented below.

3. Earnings Per Share

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share. Stock options, stock appreciation rights, and restricted stock units are collectively referred to as "equity awards". There were no anti-dilutive equity awards excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share for the periods presented below.

4. Marketable Securities ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The accounting guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: The Company endeavors to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation is based on prices obtained from an independent pricing vendor using both market and income approaches. The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, and credit spreads.

4. Marketable Securities

ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The accounting guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy:

The Company endeavors to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation is based on prices obtained from an independent pricing vendor using both market and income approaches. The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual cash flows, benchmark yields, and credit spreads.

The method described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. Marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities are summarized below:  The primary objectives of the Company’s investment policy are to preserve capital, maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within the constraint of low credit risk. The fair value of securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, the performance of the underlying collateral, and the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. Accrued interest receivable, which totaled $ 19,144 as of December 27, 2025 , is excluded from both the fair value and amortized cost basis of available-for-sale securities and is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company writes off impaired accrued interest on a timely basis, generally within 30 days of the due date, by reversing interest income. No accrued interest was written off during the 52-week period ended December 27, 2025. The Company recognizes impairments relating to credit losses of available-for-sale securities through an allowance for credit losses and other income (expense) on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Impairment not relating to credit losses is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Approximately 51 % of securities in the Company’s portfolio were at an unrealized loss position at December 27, 2025.

The method described above may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date.

Marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities are summarized below:

The primary objectives of the Company’s investment policy are to preserve capital, maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within the constraint of low credit risk. The fair value of securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, the performance of the underlying collateral, and the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors.

Accrued interest receivable, which totaled $ 19,144 as of December 27, 2025 , is excluded from both the fair value and amortized cost basis of available-for-sale securities and is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company writes off impaired accrued interest on a timely basis, generally within 30 days of the due date, by reversing interest income. No accrued interest was written off during the 52-week period ended December 27, 2025.

The Company recognizes impairments relating to credit losses of available-for-sale securities through an allowance for credit losses and other income (expense) on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Impairment not relating to credit losses is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Approximately 51 % of securities in the Company’s portfolio were at an unrealized loss position at December 27, 2025.

The following tables display additional information regarding gross unrealized losses and fair value by major security type for available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024.  As of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , the Company had no t recognized an allowance for credit losses on any securities in an unrealized loss position. The Company has no t recorded an allowance for credit losses and charge to other income for the unrealized losses on U.S. Treasury, agency, mortgage-backed, corporate debt, municipal, and other securities presented above because the Company does not consider the declines in fair value to have resulted from credit losses. The Company has not observed a significant deterioration in credit quality of these securities, which are highly rated with moderate to low credit risk. Declines in value are largely attributable to current global economic conditions. The securities continue to make timely principal and interest payments, and the fair values are expected to recover as they approach maturity. Management does not intend to sell the securities, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities, before the respective recoveries of their amortized cost bases, which may be at maturity. The amortized cost and fair value of marketable securities at December 27, 2025, by maturity, are shown below.

The following tables display additional information regarding gross unrealized losses and fair value by major security type for available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024.

As of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , the Company had no t recognized an allowance for credit losses on any securities in an unrealized loss position.

The Company has no t recorded an allowance for credit losses and charge to other income for the unrealized losses on U.S. Treasury, agency, mortgage-backed, corporate debt, municipal, and other securities presented above because the Company does not consider the declines in fair value to have resulted from credit losses. The Company has not observed a significant deterioration in credit quality of these securities, which are highly rated with moderate to low credit risk. Declines in value are largely attributable to current global economic conditions. The securities continue to make timely principal and interest payments, and the fair values are expected to recover as they approach maturity. Management does not intend to sell the securities, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the securities, before the respective recoveries of their amortized cost bases, which may be at maturity.

The amortized cost and fair value of marketable securities at December 27, 2025, by maturity, are shown below.

5. Income Taxes As disclosed in Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company adopted the requirements of ASU 2023-09 using a retrospective approach. Certain other disclosures have been recast to conform to the current period presentation, including references to Switzerland as Garmin Ltd.’s country of domicile.

5. Income Taxes

As disclosed in Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company adopted the requirements of ASU 2023-09 using a retrospective approach. Certain other disclosures have been recast to conform to the current period presentation, including references to Switzerland as Garmin Ltd.’s country of domicile.

The components of the Company’s income tax provision (benefit) were as follows:

The Company’s income tax provision (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of Switzerland, Garmin Ltd. ’s country of domicile, to income before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences, including the impact of establishing tax contingency accruals, are as follows (the table may not foot due to rounding): * Local taxes in the canton of Schaffhausen make up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category. The Company recorded income tax expense of $ 350,648 in the year ended December 27, 2025 , representing an effective tax rate of approximately 17.4 %. The Company recorded income tax expense of $ 283,965 in the year ended December 28, 2024 , representing an effective tax rate of approximately 16.7 %. The Company recorded income tax benefit of $ 89,280 in the year ended December 30, 2023, representing an effective tax rate of approximately ( 7.4 )%, which included income tax benefit of $ 181,410 recognized by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the revaluation of Switzerland deferred tax assets due to an increase in the Schaffhausen cantonal tax rate and income tax benefit of $ 12,116 recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to auto OEM manufacturing tax incentives in Poland.

The Company’s income tax provision (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of Switzerland, Garmin Ltd. ’s country of domicile, to income before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the differences, including the impact of establishing tax contingency accruals, are as follows (the table may not foot due to rounding):

* Local taxes in the canton of Schaffhausen make up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.

* Local taxes in the canton of Schaffhausen make up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category.

The Company recorded income tax expense of $ 350,648 in the year ended December 27, 2025 , representing an effective tax rate of approximately 17.4 %. The Company recorded income tax expense of $ 283,965 in the year ended December 28, 2024 , representing an effective tax rate of approximately 16.7 %. The Company recorded income tax benefit of $ 89,280 in the year ended December 30, 2023, representing an effective tax rate of approximately ( 7.4 )%, which included income tax benefit of $ 181,410 recognized by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the revaluation of Switzerland deferred tax assets due to an increase in the Schaffhausen cantonal tax rate and income tax benefit of $ 12,116 recognized in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to auto OEM manufacturing tax incentives in Poland.

The Company’s income before income taxes attributable to Switzerland operations was $ 1,401,142 , $ 1,263,683 , and $ 1,143,696 , for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. The Company’s income before income taxes attributable to non-Switzerland operations was $ 613,393 , $ 431,718 , and $ 56,660 , for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: At December 27, 2025 , the Company had $ 31,694 of tax credit carryover compared to $ 29,162 at December 28, 2024. At December 27, 2025 , the Company had a deferred tax asset of $ 29,979 related to the future tax benefit of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of $ 109,662 . Included in the NOL carryforwards is $ 8,320 that relates to various jurisdictions and expires in periods ranging from 2026 through 2039 and $ 101,342 that relates to various other jurisdictions and has no expiration date. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for a portion of its deferred tax asset relating to various tax attributes that management does not believe are more likely than not to be realized. In the future, if the Company determines, based on existence of sufficient evidence, that it should realize more or less of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be made in the period such a determination is made.

The Company’s income before income taxes attributable to Switzerland operations was $ 1,401,142 , $ 1,263,683 , and $ 1,143,696 , for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. The Company’s income before income taxes attributable to non-Switzerland operations was $ 613,393 , $ 431,718 , and $ 56,660 , for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively.

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

At December 27, 2025 , the Company had $ 31,694 of tax credit carryover compared to $ 29,162 at December 28, 2024. At December 27, 2025 , the Company had a deferred tax asset of $ 29,979 related to the future tax benefit of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of $ 109,662 . Included in the NOL carryforwards is $ 8,320 that relates to various jurisdictions and expires in periods ranging from 2026 through 2039 and $ 101,342 that relates to various other jurisdictions and has no expiration date. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance for a portion of its deferred tax asset relating to various tax attributes that management does not believe are more likely than not to be realized. In the future, if the Company determines, based on existence of sufficient evidence, that it should realize more or less of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be made in the period such a determination is made.

The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 27, 2025 was $ 2,621 . A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 is as follows: Unrecognized tax benefits are classified as noncurrent liabilities, except for the portion that is expected to be paid within one year of the balance sheet date. The balances of net unrecognized benefits of $ 2,289 , $ 4,957 , and $ 12,824 were classified as noncurrent at December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. The net unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. None of the unrecognized tax benefits are due to uncertainty in the timing of deductibility. Interest and penalties, if any, accrued on the unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in income tax expense. At December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , the Company had accrued approximately $ 767 , $ 1,242 , and $ 2,127 , respectively, for interest. The interest component of the reserve decreased income tax expense for the years ending December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 by $ 475 , $ 885 , and $ 624 , respectively. The Company did no t have significant amounts accrued for penalties for the years ending December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023. The Company files income tax returns in Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, U.S. federal jurisdiction, as well as various states, local, and other foreign jurisdictions. In its major tax jurisdictions, Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, and U.S. federal and various states, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities, with few exceptions, for years prior to 2020, 2020, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The Company recognized reductions of income tax expense, inclusive of interest and net of deferrals, of $ 3,395 , $ 2,686 , and $ 11,473 in fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the expiration of statutes of limitations and releases due to audit settlement in various jurisdictions. The following table provides the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received), disaggregated by Switzerland federal, Switzerland cantonal and foreign taxes paid, for each annual reporting period.

The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 27, 2025 was $ 2,621 . A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 is as follows:

Unrecognized tax benefits are classified as noncurrent liabilities, except for the portion that is expected to be paid within one year of the balance sheet date. The balances of net unrecognized benefits of $ 2,289 , $ 4,957 , and $ 12,824 were classified as noncurrent at December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively. The net unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. None of the unrecognized tax benefits are due to uncertainty in the timing of deductibility.

Interest and penalties, if any, accrued on the unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in income tax expense. At December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , the Company had accrued approximately $ 767 , $ 1,242 , and $ 2,127 , respectively, for interest. The interest component of the reserve decreased income tax expense for the years ending December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 by $ 475 , $ 885 , and $ 624 , respectively. The Company did no t have significant amounts accrued for penalties for the years ending December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023.

The Company files income tax returns in Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, U.S. federal jurisdiction, as well as various states, local, and other foreign jurisdictions. In its major tax jurisdictions, Switzerland, Taiwan, United Kingdom, and U.S. federal and various states, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities, with few exceptions, for years prior to 2020, 2020, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

The Company recognized reductions of income tax expense, inclusive of interest and net of deferrals, of $ 3,395 , $ 2,686 , and $ 11,473 in fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023, respectively, to reflect the expiration of statutes of limitations and releases due to audit settlement in various jurisdictions.

The following table provides the amount of income taxes paid (net of refunds received), disaggregated by Switzerland federal, Switzerland cantonal and foreign taxes paid, for each annual reporting period.

6. Leases The following table represents lease costs recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of income for the 52-weeks ended December 27, 2025 . Lease costs are included in selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. (1) Operating lease cost includes short-term lease costs and variable lease costs, which were not material in the periods presented. The following table represents the components of leases that are recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024. The following table presents maturities of the Company ’s lease liabilities as of December 27, 2025. The following table presents supplemental cash flow and noncash information related to leases. (1) Included in net cash provided by operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.

6. Leases

The following table represents lease costs recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of income for the 52-weeks ended December 27, 2025 . Lease costs are included in selling, general and administrative expense and research and development expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of income.

(1) Operating lease cost includes short-term lease costs and variable lease costs, which were not material in the periods presented.

(1) Operating lease cost includes short-term lease costs and variable lease costs, which were not material in the periods presented.

The following table represents the components of leases that are recognized on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024.

The following table presents maturities of the Company ’s lease liabilities as of December 27, 2025.

The following table presents supplemental cash flow and noncash information related to leases. (1) Included in net cash provided by operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.

The following table presents supplemental cash flow and noncash information related to leases.

(1) Included in net cash provided by operating activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.

7. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments The Company is party to certain commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (“unconditional purchase obligations”). The Company’s unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of payments for inventory, capital expenditures, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting its business. The aggregate amount of purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 27, 2025 that may represent noncancellable unconditional purchase obligations having a remaining term in excess of one year was approximately $ 411,000 . Certain cash balances are held as collateral in relation to bank guarantees. This restricted cash is reported within other noncurrent assets on the Company’ s consolidated balance sheets and totaled $ 714 and $ 685 on December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Contingencies Management of the Company currently does not believe it is reasonably possible that the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of recorded accruals, with respect to loss contingencies in the aggregate, for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. The results of legal proceedings, investigations and claims, however, cannot be predicted with certainty. An adverse resolution of one or more of such matters in excess of management’s expectations could have a material adverse effect in the particular quarter or fiscal year in which a loss is recorded, but based on information currently known, the Company does not believe it is likely that losses from such matters would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business or its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Company settled or resolved certain legal matters during the fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s business or its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

7. Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

The Company is party to certain commitments that require the future purchase of goods or services (“unconditional purchase obligations”). The Company’s unconditional purchase obligations primarily consist of payments for inventory, capital expenditures, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting its business. The aggregate amount of purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 27, 2025 that may represent noncancellable unconditional purchase obligations having a remaining term in excess of one year was approximately $ 411,000 .

Certain cash balances are held as collateral in relation to bank guarantees. This restricted cash is reported within other noncurrent assets on the Company’ s consolidated balance sheets and totaled $ 714 and $ 685 on December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively.

Contingencies

Management of the Company currently does not believe it is reasonably possible that the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of recorded accruals, with respect to loss contingencies in the aggregate, for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. The results of legal proceedings, investigations and claims, however, cannot be predicted with certainty. An adverse resolution of one or more of such matters in excess of management’s expectations could have a material adverse effect in the particular quarter or fiscal year in which a loss is recorded, but based on information currently known, the Company does not believe it is likely that losses from such matters would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business or its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

The Company settled or resolved certain legal matters during the fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 that did not individually or in the aggregate have a material impact on the Company’s business or its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

8. Stockholders' Equity Dividends Under Swiss corporate law, dividends must be approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company’s shareholders. Approved dividends are payable in four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. A reduction of retained earnings and a corresponding liability are recorded at the time of shareholders' approval and are periodically adjusted based on the number of applicable shares outstanding.

8. Stockholders' Equity

Dividends

Under Swiss corporate law, dividends must be approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company’s shareholders. Approved dividends are payable in four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. A reduction of retained earnings and a corresponding liability are recorded at the time of shareholders' approval and are periodically adjusted based on the number of applicable shares outstanding.

The Company’ s shareholders approved the following dividends: The estimated payment amount for the dividend scheduled to be paid on March 27, 2026 was included in dividend payable on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2025. Approximately $ 94,981 and $ 61,129 of retained earnings was indefinitely restricted from distribution to shareholders pursuant to the laws of Taiwan as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Share Repurchase Program On April 22, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the “2022 Program”) authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $ 300,000 of the common shares of Garmin Ltd., exclusive of the cost of any associated excise tax. As of December 30, 2023, the Company had repurchased 3,176,453 shares for $ 300,000 , leaving $ 0 available to repurchase additional shares under the 2022 Program when the share repurchase authorization expired on December 29, 2023 . On February 16, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the “2024 Program”) authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $ 300,000 of the common shares of Garmin Ltd., exclusive of the cost of any associated excise tax. The timing and volume of share repurchases are subject to market conditions, business conditions and applicable laws, and are at management’s discretion. Share repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The 2024 Program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 27, 2025 , the Company had repurchased 1,228,591 shares for $ 244,302 leaving $ 55,698 available to repurchase additional shares under the 2024 Program. Cash paid for purchases of the Company’s shares during fiscal 2025 was $ 181,011 . As announced in February 2026, t he 2024 Program, which had an initial expiration date of December 26, 2026 , is scheduled to be earlier terminated on February 19, 2026 and replaced with a new share repurchase program effective beginning on February 20, 2026 (the “2026 Program”). The 2026 Program is scheduled to expire on December 30, 2028 and authorizes the Company to purchase up to $ 500 million of its common shares.

The Company’ s shareholders approved the following dividends:

The estimated payment amount for the dividend scheduled to be paid on March 27, 2026 was included in dividend payable on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets as of December 27, 2025.

Approximately $ 94,981 and $ 61,129 of retained earnings was indefinitely restricted from distribution to shareholders pursuant to the laws of Taiwan as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively.

Share Repurchase Program

On April 22, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the “2022 Program”) authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $ 300,000 of the common shares of Garmin Ltd., exclusive of the cost of any associated excise tax. As of December 30, 2023, the Company had repurchased 3,176,453 shares for $ 300,000 , leaving $ 0 available to repurchase additional shares under the 2022 Program when the share repurchase authorization expired on December 29, 2023 .

On February 16, 2024, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program (the “2024 Program”) authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $ 300,000 of the common shares of Garmin Ltd., exclusive of the cost of any associated excise tax. The timing and volume of share repurchases are subject to market conditions, business conditions and applicable laws, and are at management’s discretion. Share repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The 2024 Program does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 27, 2025 , the Company had repurchased 1,228,591 shares for $ 244,302 leaving $ 55,698 available to repurchase additional shares under the 2024 Program. Cash paid for purchases of the Company’s shares during fiscal 2025 was $ 181,011 . As announced in February 2026, t he 2024 Program, which had an initial expiration date of December 26, 2026 , is scheduled to be earlier terminated on February 19, 2026 and replaced with a new share repurchase program effective beginning on February 20, 2026 (the “2026 Program”). The 2026 Program is scheduled to expire on December 30, 2028 and authorizes the Company to purchase up to $ 500 million of its common shares.

Share Capital In the second quarter of 2023, the share capital currency of the Company was changed from the Swiss Franc (CHF) to the U.S. Dollar (USD), as approved by shareholders at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting. This aligns the share capital currency with the financial statement presentation currency of the Company. The Company’s nominal par value per share of CHF 0.10 was slightly reduced to USD $ 0.10 , the impact of which is reflected in share capital, captioned as common shares in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Total stockholders’ equity reported for the Company was not affected by this change. Treasury Shares In March 2024, the Board of Directors approved the cancellation of 979,463 shares previously purchased under a share repurchase program. The capital reduction by cancellation of these shares became effective in March 2024. Total stockholders’ equity reported for the Company was not affected.

Share Capital

In the second quarter of 2023, the share capital currency of the Company was changed from the Swiss Franc (CHF) to the U.S. Dollar (USD), as approved by shareholders at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting. This aligns the share capital currency with the financial statement presentation currency of the Company. The Company’s nominal par value per share of CHF 0.10 was slightly reduced to USD $ 0.10 , the impact of which is reflected in share capital, captioned as common shares in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Total stockholders’ equity reported for the Company was not affected by this change.

Treasury Shares

In March 2024, the Board of Directors approved the cancellation of 979,463 shares previously purchased under a share repurchase program. The capital reduction by cancellation of these shares became effective in March 2024. Total stockholders’ equity reported for the Company was not affected.

9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balances by component for the year ended December 27, 2025:

9. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balances by component for the year ended December 27, 2025:

10. Employee Stock Compensation and Savings Plans Stock Compensation The various Company stock compensation plans are summarized below. For all stock compensation plans, the Company’s policy is to issue treasury shares for option/stock appreciation right (SAR) exercises, restricted stock unit (RSU) releases, and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) purchases. 2011 Non-employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan In June 2011, the Company’s shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan for non-employee directors (the “2011 Directors Plan”) providing for grants of stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares, pursuant to which up to 122,592 shares were made available for issuance. In June 2023, the shareholders approved an increase to the number of shares authorized to 150,000 . The term of each award cannot exceed ten years . Awards are subject to a minimum one-year vesting period. In 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 3,432 , 4,360 , and 6,004 RSUs granted under this plan, respectiv ely. At December 27, 2025, approximately 25,608 shares were available for future issuance under the 2011 Directors Plan.

10. Employee Stock Compensation and Savings Plans

Stock Compensation

The various Company stock compensation plans are summarized below. For all stock compensation plans, the Company’s policy is to issue treasury shares for option/stock appreciation right (SAR) exercises, restricted stock unit (RSU) releases, and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) purchases.

2011 Non-employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan

In June 2011, the Company’s shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan for non-employee directors (the “2011 Directors Plan”) providing for grants of stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares, pursuant to which up to 122,592 shares were made available for issuance. In June 2023, the shareholders approved an increase to the number of shares authorized to 150,000 . The term of each award cannot exceed ten years . Awards are subject to a minimum one-year vesting period. In 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 3,432 , 4,360 , and 6,004 RSUs granted under this plan, respectiv ely. At December 27, 2025, approximately 25,608 shares were available for future issuance under the 2011 Directors Plan.

2005 Equity Incentive Plan In June 2005, the Company’ s shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2005 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 10,000,000 common shares were made available for issuance. In 2013 and 2024, the shareholders approved increases of an additional 3,000,000 and 5,000,000 shares, respectively, to the 2005 Plan, increasing the total shares authorized under the plan to 18,000,000 . Option and SAR grants vest evenly over a period of five years or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised. RSUs vest evenly over a period of three years . In addition to time-based vesting requirements, the vesting of certain RSU grants is also contingent upon the Company’s achievement of certain financial performance goals. During 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 925,861 , 998,321 , and 1,047,934 RSUs granted under the 2005 Plan, respectively. No stock options or SARs were granted under the 2005 Plan in 2025, 2024, or 2023 . At December 27, 2025, approximately 4,361,120 shares were available for future issuance under the 2005 Plan. Stock Compensation Activity A summary of the Company’s stock compensation activity and related information under the 2011 Directors Plan, the 2005 Plan, and the 2000 Plan for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 is provided below: The weighted-average remaining contract life of restricted stock units at December 27, 2025 was 1.04 years. There were no outstanding options/SARs or any associated stock compensation activity during the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023. The total fair values of awards vested during 2025, 2024, and 2023 , were $ 112,424 , $ 92,502 , and $ 77,626 , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding at December 27, 2025 was $ 344,219 . The aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs released during 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 195,677 , $ 183,639 , and $ 96,301 , respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards multiplied by the Company’s closing share price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company’s closing share price was $ 205.51 on December 27, 2025 (based on the closing share price on December 26, 2025). As of December 27, 2025 , there was $ 180,758 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based payment awards granted to employees under the stock compensation plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period.

2005 Equity Incentive Plan

In June 2005, the Company’ s shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2005 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 10,000,000 common shares were made available for issuance. In 2013 and 2024, the shareholders approved increases of an additional 3,000,000 and 5,000,000 shares, respectively, to the 2005 Plan, increasing the total shares authorized under the plan to 18,000,000 . Option and SAR grants vest evenly over a period of five years or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised. RSUs vest evenly over a period of three years . In addition to time-based vesting requirements, the vesting of certain RSU grants is also contingent upon the Company’s achievement of certain financial performance goals. During 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 925,861 , 998,321 , and 1,047,934 RSUs granted under the 2005 Plan, respectively. No stock options or SARs were granted under the 2005 Plan in 2025, 2024, or 2023 . At December 27, 2025, approximately 4,361,120 shares were available for future issuance under the 2005 Plan.

Stock Compensation Activity

A summary of the Company’s stock compensation activity and related information under the 2011 Directors Plan, the 2005 Plan, and the 2000 Plan for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 is provided below:

The weighted-average remaining contract life of restricted stock units at December 27, 2025 was 1.04 years. There were no outstanding options/SARs or any associated stock compensation activity during the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023.

The total fair values of awards vested during 2025, 2024, and 2023 , were $ 112,424 , $ 92,502 , and $ 77,626 , respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs outstanding at December 27, 2025 was $ 344,219 . The aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs released during 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $ 195,677 , $ 183,639 , and $ 96,301 , respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards multiplied by the Company’s closing share price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company’s closing share price was $ 205.51 on December 27, 2025 (based on the closing share price on December 26, 2025). As of December 27, 2025 , there was $ 180,758 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based payment awards granted to employees under the stock compensation plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining vesting period.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan The Company’s shareholders have adopted an employee stock purchase plan (the “ESPP”). Up to 10,000,000 common shares have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Shares are offered to employees at a price equal to the lesser of 85 % of the fair market value of the Company ’ s shares on the date of purchase or 85 % of the fair market value on the first day of the ESPP period. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. During 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 333,443 , 410,999 , and 524,774 shares purchased under the plan for a total purchase price of $ 57,785 , $ 49,617 , and $ 43,905 , respectively. During 2025, 2024, and 2023, the purchases were issued from treasury shares. At December 27, 2025 , approximately 1,518,104 shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP. Savings Plans Certain subsidiaries of the Company sponsor various savings plans such as defined contribution employee retirement plans. Garmin International and the Company’s other U.S.-based subsidiaries sponsor a retirement plan under which their employees may contribute up to 50 % of their annual compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code maximum limitations and to which the subsidiaries contribute a specified percentage of each participant’s annual compensation up to certain limits as defined in the retirement plan. During the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , expense related to this and other defined contribution plans of $ 104,755 , $ 93,687 , and $ 84,609 , respectively, was recorded within the Company’s consolidated statements of income. Certain of the Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries sponsor or participate in local defined benefit pension plans. The obligations, contributions, and associated expense of such plans for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 were not material.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Company’s shareholders have adopted an employee stock purchase plan (the “ESPP”). Up to 10,000,000 common shares have been reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Shares are offered to employees at a price equal to the lesser of 85 % of the fair market value of the Company ’ s shares on the date of purchase or 85 % of the fair market value on the first day of the ESPP period. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. During 2025, 2024, and 2023 , there were 333,443 , 410,999 , and 524,774 shares purchased under the plan for a total purchase price of $ 57,785 , $ 49,617 , and $ 43,905 , respectively. During 2025, 2024, and 2023, the purchases were issued from treasury shares. At December 27, 2025 , approximately 1,518,104 shares were available for future issuance under the ESPP.

Savings Plans

Certain subsidiaries of the Company sponsor various savings plans such as defined contribution employee retirement plans. Garmin International and the Company’s other U.S.-based subsidiaries sponsor a retirement plan under which their employees may contribute up to 50 % of their annual compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code maximum limitations and to which the subsidiaries contribute a specified percentage of each participant’s annual compensation up to certain limits as defined in the retirement plan. During the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 , expense related to this and other defined contribution plans of $ 104,755 , $ 93,687 , and $ 84,609 , respectively, was recorded within the Company’s consolidated statements of income.

Certain of the Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries sponsor or participate in local defined benefit pension plans. The obligations, contributions, and associated expense of such plans for the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 were not material.

11. Segment Information and Geographic Data Garmin is organized in the five operating segments of fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM, which represent the primary markets served by the Company. These operating segments are also the Company ’s reportable segments. The Company’s Chief Executive Officer, who has been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), uses operating income (loss) as the primary measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance. Operating income (loss) represents net sales less costs of goods sold and operating expenses. Net sales are directly attributed to each segment. Most costs of goods sold and the majority of operating expenses are also directly attributed to each segment, while certain other costs of goods sold and operating expenses are allocated to the segments in a reasonable manner considering the specific facts and circumstances of the expenses being allocated. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. There are no inter-segment sales or transfers. The Company’s segments share many common resources, infrastructures and assets in the normal course of business, and certain assets are therefore not separately tracked by segment. Thus, the Company does not report accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, intangible assets, capital expenditures, depreciation expense, or amortization expense by segment to the CODM. The CODM utilizes operating income (loss) to assess segment performance and make decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources by analyzing future opportunities and recent operating income (loss) results, trends, and variances of each segment in relation to forecasts and historical performance.

11. Segment Information and Geographic Data

Garmin is organized in the five operating segments of fitness, outdoor, aviation, marine, and auto OEM, which represent the primary markets served by the Company. These operating segments are also the Company ’s reportable segments.

The Company’s Chief Executive Officer, who has been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), uses operating income (loss) as the primary measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance. Operating income (loss) represents net sales less costs of goods sold and operating expenses. Net sales are directly attributed to each segment. Most costs of goods sold and the majority of operating expenses are also directly attributed to each segment, while certain other costs of goods sold and operating expenses are allocated to the segments in a reasonable manner considering the specific facts and circumstances of the expenses being allocated. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. There are no inter-segment sales or transfers.

The Company’s segments share many common resources, infrastructures and assets in the normal course of business, and certain assets are therefore not separately tracked by segment. Thus, the Company does not report accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, intangible assets, capital expenditures, depreciation expense, or amortization expense by segment to the CODM.

The CODM utilizes operating income (loss) to assess segment performance and make decisions about the allocation of operating and capital resources by analyzing future opportunities and recent operating income (loss) results, trends, and variances of each segment in relation to forecasts and historical performance.

Net sales, cost of goods sold, gross profit, significant segment expenses, and operating income (loss) for each of the Company’s five reportable segments are presented below. Net sales to external customers, property and equipment, and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023. (1) The United States is the only country which constitutes greater than 10 % of net sales to external customers. (2) Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held in the United States and Taiwan, respectively.

Net sales, cost of goods sold, gross profit, significant segment expenses, and operating income (loss) for each of the Company’s five reportable segments are presented below.

Net sales to external customers, property and equipment, and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023. (1) The United States is the only country which constitutes greater than 10 % of net sales to external customers. (2) Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held in the United States and Taiwan, respectively.

Net sales to external customers, property and equipment, and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the fiscal years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023.

(1) The United States is the only country which constitutes greater than 10 % of net sales to external customers.

(2) Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held in the United States and Taiwan, respectively.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Control s and Procedures

(a) Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.

(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management of the Company assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework” (2013 framework).

Based on such assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025.

Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s consolidated financial statements, issued an attestation report on management’s effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, as stated in their report which is included herein. That attestation report appears below.

(c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Garmin Ltd.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 27, 2025, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 27, 2025, and the related notes and our report dated February 18, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Kansas City, Missouri

February 18, 2026

(d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 27, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Othe r Information

Trading Plans

During the 13-week period ended December 27, 2025 , no directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act of 1934) of the Company adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance

Garmin has incorporated by reference certain information in response or partial response to the Items under this Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of this Form 10-K and Rule 12b-23 under the Exchange Act. Garmin’s definitive proxy statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 5, 2026 (the “Proxy Statement”) will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 27, 2025.

Directors of the Company

The information set forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal 5 – Re-election of six directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10.

Executive Officers of the Company

The information set forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Information about our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10.

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

The information set forth in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” in the Proxy Statement, if applicable, is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10.

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert

The information set forth in response to Item 407 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Board and Committee Meetings and Attendance” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10.

The Audit Committee consists of Joseph J. Hartnett, Catherine A. Lewis, and Susan M. Ball. Mr. Hartnett serves as the Chair of the Audit Committee. All members of the Audit Committee are “independent” within the meaning of the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange rules. Garmin’s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Hartnett, Ms. Lewis, and Ms. Ball are “audit committee financial experts” as defined by the SEC regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

Code of Ethics

Garmin’s Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the “Code”). The Code is applicable to all Garmin directors, employees, and officers, including the principal executive officer, and the principal financial and accounting officer. A copy of the Code is available on Garmin’s website at: www.garmin.com/codeofconduct. If any amendments to the Code are made, or any waivers with respect to the Code are granted to any Garmin directors or executive officers, such amendments or waivers will be disclosed on Garmin’s website at: www.garmin.com/investors/governance.

Insider Trading Policy

The Company has adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of the Company’s securities that applies to the Company’s directors, officers, employees, and other covered persons. The Company has also implemented procedures for the repurchase of its securities. The Company believes its insider trading policy and repurchase procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of the Company’s insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Form 10-K.

Item 11. Executi ve Compensation

The information set forth in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Executive Compensation Matters” and “Compensation of Directors” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11.

The information set forth in response to Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11.

The information set forth in response to Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Compensation Matters” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information set forth in response to Item 403 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 12.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table gives information as of December 27, 2025 about the Garmin common shares that may be issued under all of the Company’s existing equity compensation plans, as adjusted for stock splits.

Table consists of the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on October 25, 2024, the Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated on June 9, 2023, and the Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on June 9, 2023. The weighted-average exercise price does not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the payment of outstanding awards of restricted stock units.

The Company has no knowledge of any arrangement that may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence

The information set forth in response to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Related Person Policy and Transactions” in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 13.

The information set forth in response to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Board Independence” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 13.

Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services

The information set forth under the headings “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-Approval of Services Provided by the Independent Auditor” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference in response to this Item 14.

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules

(a) List of Documents filed as part of this Report

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements and related notes, together with the reports of Ernst & Young LLP, appear in Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, are insignificant, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits

The exhibits listed below are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement pursuant to 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K.

‡ Filed herewith.

† Furnished herewith.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

SIGNAT URES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: February 18, 2026

POWER OF ATTORNEY

Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Clifton A. Pemble, Douglas G. Boessen and Joshua H. Maxfield, and each of them, as his attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 18, 2026.
