Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The following is a description of legal proceedings that involve governmental authorities as a party and that the company reasonably believes would result in $1.0 million or more of monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, under federal, state and local laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment.

As previously disclosed, on May 20, 2024, the New Mexico Environment Department issued a Notice of Violation (NOV) for alleged violations of state and federal regulations of air quality between October 2022 and September 2023 at different Chevron facilities in New Mexico. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on May 26, 2023, Chevron’s refinery in El Segundo, California notified the U.S. EPA that it had inadvertently overstated the number of biofuel credits generated by co-processing in 2022 in violation of the Renewable Fuel Standard program. The parties began negotiating a resolution of the violation in October 2024. Resolution of the violation will result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on October 31, 2024, California’s Bay Area Air District (formerly Bay Area Air Quality Management District) issued two NOVs for the alleged noncompliance with permit conditions that governed operation of certain equipment associated with low-NOx burners at the thermal oxidizers and stack gas heaters for sulfur recovery units 1 & 2 at Chevron’s refinery in Richmond, California. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, in February 2025, the United States Department of Justice notified Hess of alleged Clean Water Act violations relating to Hess’s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit covering operations in Hess facilities in the Gulf of America. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

As previously disclosed, on June 26, 2025, the Colorado Energy & Carbon Management Commission (ECMC) issued a notice alleging violations of certain ECMC rules following the loss of well control incident that occurred in Galeton, Colorado, on April 6, 2025. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

On July 22, 2025, ECMC issued a notice alleging various violations of reporting rules associated with environmental remediation data. Resolution of the alleged violations may result in the payment of a civil penalty of $1.0 million or more.

Please see information related to other legal proceedings in Note 16 Litigation .

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

PART II
