Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information and Holders of Record

Our Class A common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol “DDOG”. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any exchange, but each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock, and is automatically converted upon sale or transfer into one share of Class A common stock.

As of February 5, 2026, there were 54 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 30 holders of record of our Class B common stock.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our Class A common stock or Class B common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, any limitations on payment of dividends present in any debt agreements, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities

During the year ended December 31, 2025, we issued 771,355 shares of Class A common stock as consideration in acquisitions. The issuance was deemed exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

Stock Performance Graph

The graph below shows a comparison, from September 19, 2019 through December 31, 2025, of the cumulative total return to stockholders of our Class A common stock relative to the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&P 500), and the Nasdaq Computer Index, or the Nasdaq Computer.

The graph assumes that $100 was invested in each of our Class A common stock, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Computer at their respective closing prices on September 19, 2019 and assumes reinvestment of gross dividends. The stock price performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future stock price performance.

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Datadog, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item 6. [Reserved]
