Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk

The matters discussed in this Item may contain “forward-looking statements” as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7. MD&A. The reader’s attention is directed to those paragraphs and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and uncertainties that may impact the Companies.

Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Risk Management

The Companies’ financial instruments, commodity contracts and related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential losses due to adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity securities prices as described below. Commodity price risk is present in the Companies’ electric operations and Dominion Energy’s natural gas procurement and marketing operations due to the exposure to market shifts in prices received and paid for electricity, natural gas and other commodities. The Companies use commodity derivative contracts to manage price risk exposures for these operations. Interest rate risk is generally related to their outstanding debt and future issuances of debt. In addition, the Companies are exposed to investment price risk through various portfolios of equity and debt securities. The Companies’ exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is related to certain fixed price contracts associated with the CVOW Commercial Project which it manages through foreign currency exchange rate derivatives. The contracts include services denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for approximately €2.6 billion and 5.1 billion kr. In addition, certain of the fixed price contracts, approximately €0.7 billion, contain commodity indexing provisions linked to steel.

The following sensitivity analyses estimate the potential loss of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instruments over a selected time period due to a 10% change in commodity prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates.

Commodity Price Risk

To manage price risk, the Companies hold commodity-based derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated with purchases and sales of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related products.

The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are executed within established policies and procedures and may include instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, options and FTRs that are sensitive to changes in the related commodity prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change in market prices of commodity-based derivative instruments is determined based on models that consider the market prices of commodities in future periods, the volatility of the market prices in each period, as well as the time value factors of the derivative instruments. Prices and volatility are principally determined based on observable market prices.

A hypothetical 10% decrease in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of $15 million and a hypothetical 10% increase in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of $18 million in the fair value of Dominion Energy’s commodity-based derivative instruments at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

A hypothetical 10% decrease in commodity prices would have resulted in a decrease of $71 million and $15 million in the fair value of Virginia Power’s commodity-based derivative instruments at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on the Companies’ commodity-based derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net losses from commodity-based financial derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction, such as revenue from physical sales of the commodity.

Interest Rate Risk

The Companies manage their interest rate risk exposure predominantly by maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. For variable rate debt outstanding for Dominion Energy, a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would result in a $10 million and $12 million decrease in earnings at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. For variable rate debt outstanding for Virginia Power, a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would result in a $7 million decrease in earnings at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

The Companies also use interest rate derivatives, including forward-starting swaps, interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements to manage interest rate risk. At December 31, 2025 , Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had $10.7 billion and $8.1 billion, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding in combined absolute value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of $459 million and $382 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2025 . At December 31, 2024 , Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had $10.8 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively, of these interest rate derivatives outstanding in combined absolute value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of $157 million and $155 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2024 .

The impact of a change in interest rates on the Companies’ interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

The Companies utilize foreign currency exchange rate swaps to economically hedge the foreign currency exchange risk associated with fixed price contracts related to the CVOW Commercial Project denominated in foreign currencies. At December 31, 2025 and 2024 , Dominion Energy had €0.9 billion and €1.1 billion,

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued

respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these foreign currency forward purchase agreements outstanding. A hypothetical 10% increase in the U.S. dollar to Euro exchange rate would have resulted in a decrease of $35 million and $106 million in the fair value of Dominion Energy’s foreign currency swaps at December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

The impact of a change in exchange rates on the Companies’ foreign currency-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from foreign exchange derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction.

Investment Price Risk

The Companies are subject to investment price risk due to securities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust funds that are managed by third-party investment managers. These trust funds primarily hold marketable securities that are reported in the Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.

Dominion Energy recognized net investment gains (losses) (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of $1.1 billion for both the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 . Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Dominion Energy recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net increase in unrealized (losses) gains on debt investments of $41 million and $(28) million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

Virginia Power recognized net investment gains (losses) (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of $555 million and $580 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Virginia Power recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net increase in unrealized gains (losses) on debt investments of $23 million and $(10) million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively.

Dominion Energy sponsors pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans that hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. Virginia Power employees participate in these plans. Dominion Energy’s pension and other postretirement plan assets experienced aggregate actual returns of $1.2 billion and $738 million in 2025 and 2024 , respectively, compared to expected returns of $835 million and $982 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are immediately recognized in earnings annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year as well as whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement. A hypothetical 0.25% decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would have had a $28 million and $31 million impact in the years ending December 31, 2025 and 2024 , respectively, to the expected returns on plan assets.

Risk Management Policies

The Companies have established operating procedures with corporate management to ensure that proper internal controls are maintained. In addition, Dominion Energy has established an independent function at the corporate level to monitor compliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies of all subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Dominion Energy maintains credit policies that include the evaluation of a prospective counterparty’s financial condition, collateral requirements where deemed necessary and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty. In addition, Dominion Energy also monitors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and the Companies’ December 31, 2025 provision for credit losses, management believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on the Companies’ financial position, results of operations or cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance.
