ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Dominion Energy owns five corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia and other cities in which its subsidiaries operate. Dominion Energy also leases corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia and other cities in which its subsidiaries operate, including its principal executive office in Richmond, Virginia. Virginia Power shares Dominion Energy’s principal executive office in Richmond, Virginia. In addition, Virginia Power leases certain buildings and equipment.

Dominion Energy’s assets consist primarily of its investments in its subsidiaries, the principal properties of which are described below by operating segment.

Certain of Virginia Power’s properties are subject to the lien of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds. There were no bonds outstanding at December 31, 2025 ; however, by leaving the indenture open, Virginia Power retains the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in the future. Additionally, DESC’s bond indenture, which secures its first mortgage bonds, constitutes a direct mortgage lien on substantially all of its electric utility property.

Dominion Energy Virginia

Virginia Power has approximately 7,000 miles of electric transmission lines of 69 kV or more located in Virginia, North Carolina and West Virginia. Portions of Virginia Power’s electric transmission lines cross national parks and forests under permits entitling the federal government to use, at specified charges, any surplus capacity that may exist in these lines. While Virginia Power owns and maintains its electric transmission facilities, they are a part of PJM, which coordinates the planning, operation, emergency assistance and exchange of capacity and energy for such facilities.

In addition, Virginia Power’s electric distribution network includes approximately 61,000 miles of distribution lines, exclusive of service level lines, in Virginia and North Carolina. The grants for most of its electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addition, Virginia Power owns 486 substations.

The following tables list Virginia Power’s generating units and capability at December 31, 2025 .

Virginia Power Utility Generation

Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle.

Excludes 11.6% undivided interest owned by ODEC.

Excludes 50% undivided interest owned by ODEC.

Excludes 23.75% undivided interest owned by LS Power Equity Advisors LLC and 16.25% undivided interest owned by Allegheny Generating Company, a subsidiary of FirstEnergy.

All solar facilities are alternating current.

Virginia Power Non-Jurisdictional Generation

All solar facilities are alternating current.

Virginia Power in October 2025 proposed to recover the cost of this facility through Rider CE. If approved by the Virginia Commission, this facility will be considered Utility Generation.

Dominion Energy South Carolina

DESC has approximately 3,800 miles and 19,400 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines, respectively, exclusive of service level lines, in South Carolina. The grants for most of DESC’s electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying property titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addition, DESC owns 454 substations.

DESC’s natural gas system includes approximately 20,000 miles of distribution mains and related service facilities, which are supported by approximately 400 miles of transmission pipeline.

DESC owns two LNG facilities, one located near Charleston, South Carolina, and the other in Salley, South Carolina. The Charleston facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 1.0 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 6% of its storage capacity per day and can liquefy less than 1% of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 0.9 bcf of natural gas and can regasify approximately 10% of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility has no liquefying capabilities.

The following table lists DESC’s generating units and capability at December 31, 2025 .

Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle.

Capable of burning fuel oil as a secondary source.

Capable of burning natural gas as a secondary source.

Excludes 33.3% undivided interest owned by Santee Cooper.

Includes 189 MW from agreements with certain solar facilities within Contracted Energy.

Contracted Energy

The following table lists Contracted Energy’s generating units and capability at December 31, 2025 .

Excludes 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain.

All solar facilities are alternating current.

Additionally, Dominion Energy’s renewable natural gas facilities include 21 facilities in Colorado, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, New Mexico, Nevada and Texas, which capture methane from dairy farms and convert it into pipeline quality natural gas. These facilities produce approximately 5,500 MMBtu per day.

Corporate And Other

Dominion Energy owns various solar facilities, primarily at schools in Virginia, with an aggregate generation capacity of 33 MW.
