UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

F or the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

OR

For the transition period from to

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY

Common Stock, no par value

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☐ No ☒ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “non-accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Dominion Energy, Inc.

Virginia Electric and Power Company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Dominion Energy, Inc. ☒ Virginia Electric and Power Company ☐

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☐ No ☒ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of Dominion Energy, Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of Dominion Energy, Inc. was approximately $ 48.2 billion based on the closing price of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last day of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Dominion Energy, Inc. is the sole holder of Virginia Electric and Power Company common stock. At February 16, 2026 , Dominion Energy, Inc. had 878,785,631 shares of common stock outstanding and Virginia Electric and Power Company had 373,881 shares of common stock outstanding.

DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s 2026 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.

This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company. Information contained herein relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Virginia Electric and Power Company makes no representations as to the information relating to Dominion Energy, Inc.’s other operations.

VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION I(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND IS FILING THIS FORM 10-K UNDER THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT.

Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company

Glossary of Terms

T he following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below:

Part I
