Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "J".

Shareholders

According to the records of our transfer agent, there were 2,097 shareholders of record as of November 10, 2025.

Dividend Policy

Our Board of Directors initiated a quarterly cash dividend program in fiscal 2017 under which we have paid, and intend to continue paying, regular quarterly dividends. The declaration, amount and timing of such dividends are subject to capital availability and determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all respective laws and applicable agreements. Our ability to pay dividends will depend upon, among other factors, our cash balances and potential future capital requirements for strategic transactions, including acquisitions, debt service requirements, results of operations, financial condition and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

Share Repurchases

On January 25, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an incremental share repurchase program of up to $1.0 billion of the Company's common stock, which would expire on January 25, 2026 (the "2023 Repurchase Authorization"). By the end of the second fiscal quarter of 2025, the Company had repurchased the full amount of common stock authorized under the 2023 Repurchase Authorization.

On January 30, 2025, the Company's Board of Directors authorized an incremental share repurchase program of up to $1.5 billion of the Company's common stock, to expire on January 30, 2028 (the "2025 Repurchase Authorization"). At September 26, 2025, the Company had $1.22 billion remaining under the 2025 Repurchase Authorization

Our share repurchase programs do not obligate the Company to purchase any shares. Share repurchases may be executed through various means including, without limitation, accelerated share repurchases, open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or otherwise. The authorization for the share repurchase programs may be terminated, increased or decreased by the Company’s Board of Directors in its discretion at any time. The timing, amount and manner of share repurchases may depend upon market conditions and economic circumstances, availability of investment opportunities, the availability and costs of financing, currency fluctuations, the market price of the Company's common stock, other uses of capital and other factors.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

None.

Performance Graph

The following graph and table show the changes over the five-year period ended September 26, 2025 in the value of $100 as of the close of market on October 2, 2020 in (1) the common stock of Jacobs Solutions Inc., (2) the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index and (3) the Standard & Poor's 1500 IT Consulting & Other Services Index.

The values of each investment are based on share price appreciation, with reinvestment of all dividends, provided any were paid. The investments are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the period presented. The stock performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

Item 6. [Reserved]
