Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market for Common Stock

Our common stock has been traded and quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol "CNC" since October 16, 2003.

Stockholders

As of February 13, 2026, there were 944 holders of record of our common stock.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

In November 2005, our Board of Directors announced a stock repurchase program, which was most recently increased in December 2023. We are authorized to repurchase up to $10.0 billion, inclusive of past authorizations, of which $1.8 billion remains as of December 31, 2025.

The stock repurchase program is effected primarily through regular open-market purchases (which may include repurchase plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 and accelerated share repurchases), the amounts and timing of which are subject to our discretion as part of our capital allocation strategy and may be based upon general market conditions and the prevailing price and trading volumes of our common stock. No duration has been placed on the repurchase program. We reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time.

The following table discloses purchases of our common stock for the quarter ended December 31, 2025.

Stock Performance Graph

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock for the period from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2025, with the cumulative total return of the NYSE Composite Index, the Standard & Poor's (S&P) Health Care Index and the S&P 500 over the same period. S&P 500 is included because our common stock is within the index. The graph assumes an investment of $100 on December 31, 2020 in our common stock (at the last reported sale price on such day), the NYSE Composite Index, the S&P Health Care Index and the S&P 500 and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends.

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the information contained in the Stock Performance Graph on this page shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material," or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to the SEC's Regulation 14A or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Centene specifically requests that the information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Item 6. Reserved.
