Item 1C. Cybersecurity

The Company has developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of its critical systems and information . We design and assess our program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF). Accordingly, we use NIST CSF as a

guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business. The Company’s cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall risk management program, and shares common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the risk management program to other legal, compliance, strategic, operational and financial risk areas.

The Company’s cybersecurity risk management program employs several different measures, including perimeter monitoring, endpoint monitoring and user management, designed to assess and identify cybersecurity risks. The Company’s technology management team is principally responsible for managing the Company’s cybersecurity risk assessment and management processes. The Company’s technology management team conducts risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems and information. The Company’s technology management team and third-party professionals perform penetration tests, vulnerability scans, and patch management to assess and protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of its critical systems and information. The Company's risk assessment and management processes also address emerging cybersecurity threats, including those that are AI-enabled. The Company provides training to its employees on cybersecurity matters, conducts periodic tabletop incident response exercises, performs recurring awareness testing to facilitate compliance with the Company’s cybersecurity policies, and maintains a method for its employees and consultants to communicate any suspected cybersecurity incident. Furthermore, the Company has adopted internal guidelines designed to address employee use of third-party artificial intelligence tools and protect confidential Company information from unauthorized disclosure to such tools. In addition, the Company evaluates key third-party service providers before the Company grants the service provider access to its information systems and has a process in place to ensure that future access is appropriate.

The Company has an established incident response plan for responding to cybersecurity incidents. The goal of the incident response plan is to detect and react to cybersecurity incidents, evaluate the scope and risk, respond appropriately, communicate effectively to all stakeholders, and ultimately reduce the likelihood of an incident recurrence. The Company’s incident response team consists of seasoned information technology, legal and financial reporting Company personnel. The incident response plan, members of the incident response team and the steps to respond to a security incident are evaluated for appropriateness and effectiveness, and key personnel from cross-functional departments are involved.

The Board of Directors considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of enterprise level risks, including any cybersecurity-related risks faced by the Company. At least quarterly, the Audit Committee reviews cyber risks and mitigation strategies with senior management. The Audit Committee periodically reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those relating to cybersecurity. Additionally, on an annual basis, the Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”) presents to the Audit Committee on any material updates to the cybersecurity program, such as process improvements, new initiatives and key vendor performance. Material cybersecurity events, if any, are escalated to the Board on an ongoing basis. The Board is also briefed annually on all major enterprise risks, including cybersecurity risks.

The Company’s management team, including the CTO, is responsible for assessing and managing the Company’s material risks from cybersecurity threats. The CTO leads the technology management team and has extensive cybersecurity knowledge and expertise developed through a career of serving in various roles in information technology for over 20 years. The CTO oversees the Company’s initiatives to address existing or evolving cyber risks and is a member of the Enterprise Risk Committee. The CTO reports to the Chief Executive Officer and provides updates to the Company’s senior leadership team on a regular basis, at least quarterly, about risks from cybersecurity threats, the results of penetration tests, vulnerability scans and userbase issues. The CTO and other members of the Company’s management team take steps to stay informed about and monitor efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, such as briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment.

Over the past fiscal year, the Company has not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its operations, business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. See the discussion under the caption, “Risks Related to Our Real Estate Investments and Operations - We are subject to laws and regulations relating to the handling of personal information and we rely on information technology to sustain our operations. Any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or breach of the Company’s privacy or information systems, or those of our vendors or other third parties, could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. ” in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for further information.
