Item 2. Properties

The Company’s portfolio as of December 31, 2025 (including communities owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, but excluding communities underlying preferred equity investments) was comprised of 259 stabilized operating apartment communities (comprising 63,077 apartment homes), of which 26,265 apartment homes are located in Southern California, 24,154 apartment homes are located in Northern California, and 12,658 apartment homes are located in the Seattle metropolitan area. The Company’s apartment communities accounted for 99.2% of the Company’s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Occupancy Rates

Financial occupancy is defined as the percentage resulting from dividing actual rental income by total scheduled rental income. Total scheduled rental income represents the value of all apartment homes, with occupied apartment homes valued at contractual rental rates pursuant to leases and vacant apartment homes valued at estimated market rents. When calculating actual rents for occupied apartment homes and market rents for vacant apartment homes, delinquencies and concessions are not taken into account. The Company believes that financial occupancy is a meaningful measure of occupancy because it considers the value of each vacant unit at its estimated market rate. Financial occupancy may not completely reflect short-term trends in physical occupancy and financial occupancy rates, and the Company’s calculation of financial occupancy may not be comparable to financial occupancy as disclosed by other REITs. Market rates are determined using the recently signed effective rates on new leases at the property and are used as the starting point in the determination of the market rates of vacant apartment homes. The Company may increase or decrease these rates based on a variety of factors, including overall supply and demand for housing, concentration of new apartment deliveries within the same submarket which can cause periodic disruption due to greater rental concessions to increase leasing velocity, and rental affordability.

For communities that are development properties in lease-up without stabilized occupancy figures, the Company believes the physical occupancy rate is the appropriate performance metric. While a community is in the lease-up phase, the Company’s primary motivation is to stabilize the property, which may entail the use of rent concessions and other incentives, and thus financial occupancy which is based on contractual income is not considered the best metric to quantify occupancy.

Communities

The Company’s communities are primarily urban and suburban high density wood frame communities comprising of two to seven stories above grade construction situated on 1-20 acres of land with densities of approximately 10 to 80+ units per acre. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s communities include 105 garden-style, 146 mid-rise, and 8 high-rise communities. Garden-style communities are generally defined as on-grade properties with two and/or three-story buildings with no structured parking while mid-rise communities are generally defined as properties with three to seven story buildings and some structured parking. High-rise communities are typically defined as properties with buildings that are greater than seven stories, are steel or concrete framed, and frequently have structured parking. The communities have an average of approximately 244 apartment homes, with a mix of studio, one-, two- and some three-bedroom apartment homes. A wide variety of amenities are available at the Company’s communities, including covered parking, fireplaces, swimming pools, clubhouses with fitness facilities, playground areas and dog parks.

The Company hires, trains and supervises on-site service and maintenance personnel. The Company believes that the following primary factors enhance the Company’s ability to retain tenants:

• located near employment centers;

• attractive communities that are well maintained; and

• proactive customer service.

Commercial Buildings

The Company owns two operating commercial buildings (totaling approximately 185,000 square feet) located in California and Washington, of which the Company occupied an aggregate of approximately 50,000 square feet as of December 31, 2025. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2025, the commercial buildings’ physical occupancy rate was 85% consisting of six tenants, including the Company.

Operating Portfolio

The table below describes the Company’s operating portfolio as of December 31, 2025 (See Note 8, “Mortgage Notes Payable” to the Company’s consolidated financial statements included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the Company’s secured mortgage debt and Schedule III thereto for a list of secured mortgage loans related to the Company’s portfolio.):

Footnotes to the Company’s Portfolio Listing as of December 31, 2025

(1) Unless otherwise specified, the Company consolidates each community in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

(2) Represents the initial year the joint venture or consolidated community was acquired.

(3) For communities, occupancy rates are based on financial occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2025, except for communities that were stabilized during the year, in which case physical occupancy was used. For an explanation of how financial occupancy is calculated, see “Occupancy Rates” in this Item 2.

(4) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2083.

(5) Each of these communities is part of a DownREIT structure in which the Company is the general partner or manager and the other limited partners or members are granted rights of redemption for their interests.

(6) This community is owned by Wesco III, LLC (“Wesco III”). The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco III, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(7) This community is owned by Wesco I, LLC (“Wesco I”). The Company has a 58% interest in Wesco I, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(8) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2067.

(9) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2027.

(10) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2086.

(11) This community is owned by Wesco IV, LLC (“Wesco IV”). The Company has a 65.1% interest in Wesco IV, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(12) This community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028.

(13) The Company has an interest in a single asset entity owning this community.

(14) This community is owned by Wesco V, LLC (“Wesco V”). The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco V, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(15) This community is owned by Wesco VI, LLC (“Wesco VI”). The Company has a 50% interest in Wesco VI, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(16) This community is owned by BEX IV, LLC (“BEX IV”). The Company has a 50.1% interest in BEX IV, which is accounted for using the equity method of accounting.

(17) A portion of this community on which 84 apartment homes are presently located is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2028.

(18) The community is subject to a ground lease, which, unless extended, will expire in 2070.
