UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________

001-13106 (Essex Property Trust, Inc.)

333-44467-01 (Essex Portfolio, L.P.)

(Commission File Number)

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC.

ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

1100 Park Place, Suite 200

San Mateo , California 94403

(Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code)

( 650 ) 655-7800

(Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

As of June 30, 2025, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of Essex Property Trust, Inc. was approximately $ 18.1 billion. The aggregate market value was computed with reference to the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. There is no public trading market for the common units of Essex Portfolio, L.P. As a result, the aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of Essex Portfolio, L.P. cannot be determined.

As of February 13, 2026, 64,475,506 shares of common stock ($.0001 par value) of Essex Property Trust, Inc. were outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of Essex Property Trust, Inc. are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2025.

Auditor Name: KPMG LLP Location: San Francisco, California PCAOB ID: 185

EXPLANATORY NOTE

This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 of Essex Property Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Essex Portfolio, L.P., a California limited partnership of which Essex Property Trust, Inc. is the sole general partner.

Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our” mean collectively Essex Property Trust, Inc. and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex Property Trust, Inc., including Essex Portfolio, L.P., and references to the “Operating Partnership,” or “EPLP” mean Essex Portfolio, L.P. and those entities/subsidiaries owned or controlled by Essex Portfolio, L.P. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to “Essex” mean Essex Property Trust, Inc., not including any of its subsidiaries.

Essex operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”), and is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2025, Essex owned approximately 96.6% of the ownership interest in the Operating Partnership with the remaining 3.4% interest owned by limited partners. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, Essex has exclusive control of the Operating Partnership’s day-to-day management.

The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership REIT (“UPREIT”) and Essex contributes all net proceeds from its various equity offerings to the Operating Partnership. In return for those contributions, Essex receives a number of Operating Partnership limited partnership units (“OP Units,” and the holders of such OP Units, “Unitholders”) equal to the number of shares of common stock it has issued in the equity offerings. Contributions of properties to the Operating Partnership can be structured as tax-deferred transactions through the issuance of OP Units, which is one of the reasons why the Company is structured in the manner outlined above. Based on the terms of the Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement, OP Units can be exchanged into Essex common stock on a one-for-one basis. The Company maintains a one-for-one relationship between the OP Units issued to Essex and shares of common stock.

The Company believes that combining the reports on Form 10-K of Essex and the Operating Partnership into this single report provides the following benefits:

• enhances investors’ understanding of Essex and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business;

• eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation since a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both Essex and the Operating Partnership; and

• creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports.

Management operates Essex and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of Essex consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership.

All of the Company’s property ownership, development, and related business operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and Essex has no material assets, other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. Essex’s primary function is acting as the general partner of the Operating Partnership. As general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, Essex consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of Essex and the Operating Partnership are the same on their respective financial statements. Essex also issues equity from time to time and guarantees certain debt of the Operating Partnership, as disclosed in this report. The Operating Partnership holds substantially all of the assets of the Company, including the Company’s ownership interests in its co-investments. The Operating Partnership conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by the Company, which are contributed to the capital of the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units (on a one-for-one share of common stock per OP Unit basis), the Operating Partnership generates all remaining capital required by the Company’s business. These sources of capital include the Operating Partnership’s working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its revolving credit facilities, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from disposition of certain properties and co-investments.

The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership in the context of how Essex and the Operating Partnership operate as a consolidated company. Stockholders’ equity, partners’ capital and noncontrolling interest are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of Essex and those of the Operating Partnership. The limited partners of the Operating Partnership are accounted for as partners’ capital in the Operating Partnership’s consolidated financial statements and as noncontrolling interest in Essex’s consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership’s consolidated financial statements includes the interest of unaffiliated partners in various consolidated partnerships and co-investment partners.

iii

The noncontrolling interest in Essex’s consolidated financial statements includes (i) the same noncontrolling interest as presented in the Operating Partnership’s consolidated financial statements and (ii) OP Unitholders. The differences between stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital result from differences in the equity issued at Essex and Operating Partnership levels.

To help investors understand the significant differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership, this report on Form 10-K provides separate consolidated financial statements for Essex and the Operating Partnership; a single set of consolidated notes to such financial statements that includes separate discussions of stockholders’ equity or partners’ capital, and earnings per share/unit, as applicable; and a combined Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

This report on Form 10-K also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of Essex and the Operating Partnership in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that Essex and the Operating Partnership are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and 18 U.S.C. §1350.

In order to highlight the differences between Essex and the Operating Partnership, the separate sections in this report on Form 10-K for Essex and the Operating Partnership specifically refer to Essex and the Operating Partnership. In the sections that combine disclosure of Essex and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company. Although the Operating Partnership is generally the entity that directly or indirectly enters into contracts and co-investments and holds assets and debt, reference to the Company is appropriate because the Company is one business and the Company operates that business through the Operating Partnership. The separate discussions of Essex and the Operating Partnership in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company.

The information furnished in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, capital, and cash flows of the Company and the Operating Partnership reflect all adjustments which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the aforementioned consolidated financial statements for the periods and are normal and recurring in nature, except as otherwise noted.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to such consolidated financial statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein.

iv

ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST, INC.

ESSEX PORTFOLIO, L.P.

2025 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

v

PART I

Forward-Looking Statements

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements are described in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, “Forward-Looking Statements.” Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in each forward-looking statement. Certain factors that might cause such a difference are discussed in this report, including in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K.
