ITEM 7A – QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

As discussed earlier, the Company’s operations are highly dependent upon the interest rate-sensitive construction and steelmaking industries. Consequently, these marketplaces could experience lower levels of economic activity in an environment of rising interest rates or escalating costs (see Business Environment section included under Item 7 – MD&A of this Form 10-K).

Management has considered the current economic environment and its potential impact to the Company’s business. Demand for aggregates products, particularly in the infrastructure construction market, is affected by federal, state and local budget and deficit issues. Further, delays or cancellations of capital projects in the nonresidential and residential construction markets could occur if companies and consumers are unable to obtain affordable financing for construction projects or if consumer confidence is eroded by economic uncertainty.

Demand in the nonresidential and residential construction markets, which combined accounted for 58% of the Company's 2025 aggregates shipments, is affected by interest rates. While the Federal Reserve lowered the benchmark federal funds rate 75 basis points in 2025, the federal funds rate remains above the current rate of inflation, resulting in continued restrictive monetary policy.

Aside from these inherent risks from within its operations, the Company’s earnings are also affected by changes in short-term interest rates and changes in enacted tax laws.

Variable-Rate Borrowing Facilities

At December 31, 2025, the Company had an $800 million Revolving Facility and a $400 million Trade Receivable Facility. Borrowings under these facilities bear interest at a variable interest rate. A hypothetical 100-basis-point increase in interest rates on variable-rate borrowings of $30 million, which was the collective outstanding balance at December 31, 2025, would not increase annual interest expense by a material amount.

Pension Expense

The Company’s results of operations are affected by its pension expense. Assumptions that affect pension expense include the discount rate and, for the qualified defined benefit pension plan only, the expected long-term rate of return on pension assets. Therefore, the Company has interest rate risk associated with these factors. The impact of hypothetical changes in these assumptions on the Company’s annual pension expense and accrued pension obligation is discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Pension Benefit Obligation and Pension Expense – Selection of Assumptions section included under Item 7 – MD&A of this Form 10-K.

Income Tax

Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretation, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes, could materially impact the Company's effective tax rate, tax payments, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations.

Energy Costs

Energy costs, including diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity, coal and petroleum coke, represent significant production costs of the Company. The Company may be unable to pass along increases in the costs of energy to customers in the form of price increases for the Company’s products. The Specialties business has varying fixed-price agreements for a portion of its future energy requirements. A hypothetical 10% change in the Company’s energy prices in 2026 as compared with 2025, assuming constant volumes, would change 2026 energy expense for continuing operations by $29 million.

Part II ♦ Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
