ITEM 2 – P ROPERTIES

Building Materials Business

As of December 31, 2025, the Company processed or shipped aggregates from 400 quarries, mines and distribution yards in 28 states, Canada and The Bahamas. No individual quarry or mine is material to the Company’s business or financial condition. The Company’s aggregates reserves, on average, represent approximately 85 years at the 2025 annual production level. However, certain locations may be subject to more limited reserves and may not be able to expand. As of December 31, 2025, the Company operated 89 aggregates distribution yards.

In total, aggregates locations (quarries, mines and distribution yards) include 194 located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 126 on leased land, 64 on land owned in part and leased in part and 16 on facilities neither owned nor leased where raw materials are removed pursuant to contractual agreements.

In addition, as of December 31, 2025, the Company processed and shipped ready mixed concrete and asphalt products from 112 properties in five states, of which 86 are located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances, 24 are on leased land and two are on land owned in part and leased in part. Of this total, 58 ready mixed concrete plants located in Texas are classified as assets held for sale as of December 31, 2025.

An overview of the Company’s quarrying and mining operations is included in Business—Building Materials Business and Business—Environmental and Governmental Regulations included in Item 1, Business of this Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. The following map presents the locations of these quarries and underground mines as of December 31, 2025:

Part I ♦ Item 2 – Properties

Mineral reserves and mineral resources for the Company’s aggregates and cement businesses have been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements of subpart 1300 of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K. Mineral resources represent concentrations or occurrences of material of economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, considering relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractable. A measured mineral resource is that part of the mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to support detailed extraction planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit to be quarried or mined. An indicated mineral resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological evidence and sampling in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit of the material to be quarried or mined. Inferred mineral resources are that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence and sampling.

A mineral reserve is an estimate of tonnage and grade or quality of indicated and measured mineral resources that, in the opinion of the qualified person, can be the basis of an economically viable project. More specifically, it is the economically mineable part of a measured or indicated mineral resource, which includes diluting materials and allowances for losses that may occur when the material is mined or extracted. A probable mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource. A proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and results only from the conversion of a measured mineral resource. The Company estimates proven and probable mineral reserves based on the results of drilling and testing completed by or under the supervision of qualified persons.

The Company uses various exploratory drilling methods, depending on the type of deposit, to estimate mineral reserves that are economically mineable. The extent of drilling varies depending on the complexity of the mineral deposit and whether the location is a potential new site (greensite), an existing location or a potential acquisition. More extensive drilling is performed for potential greensites and acquisitions, and, in certain cases, the Company may rely on existing geological data or results of prior drilling by reputable third parties. Subsequent to drilling, selected drill samples are tested by an accredited laboratory for soundness, abrasion resistance and other physical properties relevant to the aggregates industry. If the mineral reserves meet the Company’s standards and are economically mineable, they are either leased or purchased. Once in operation, routine quality control testing is performed to ensure the quality grade of aggregates continues to meet specifications.

In determining the amount of reserves, evaluations are completed by or under the supervision of qualified Company personnel using industry best practices and internal controls defined by the Company. Reserve estimates represent net tons after consideration of applicable losses incurred during mining and plant processing. The Company’s policy is to exclude from reserve estimates the portions of a mineral deposit that are not available due to property boundaries, set-backs and plant configurations, as deemed appropriate when estimating reserves. The Company uses the same methods of analysis to evaluate and estimate the amount of its mineral reserves used in the cement manufacturing process for its cement operations as it does for its aggregates operations. For additional information on the Company’s assessment of reserves, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Other Financial Information - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates - Property, Plant and Equipment included under Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. While the mineral reserve and resource classification categories (proven and probable) identify relative confidence of reserve estimates, there is inherent risk associated with such estimates. The Company bases estimates on the information known at the time of determination and regularly reevaluates reserves whenever new information indicates a material change in reserves at one of the Company’s sites.

In general, quarry and mining facilities must comply with air quality, water quality, noise regulations, zoning and special-use permitting requirements, applicable mining regulations, and federal health and safety requirements. As new quarry and mining sites are located and acquired, the Company works closely with local authorities during the zoning and permitting processes to design new quarries and mines in such a way as to minimize disturbances. The Company frequently acquires large tracts of land so that quarry, mine and production facilities can be situated substantial distances from surrounding property owners.

Set forth in the tables below are the Company’s estimates as of December 31, 2025 of proven and probable mineral reserves of aggregates (crushed stone and sand and gravel) and measured, indicated and inferred mineral resources of aggregates (exclusive of proven and probable reserves), shown on a geographic division basis. The East Division includes Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Canada and The Bahamas. The Central

Part I ♦ Item 2 – Properties

Division includes Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio, Tennessee and West Virginia. The Southwest Division includes Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas. The West Division includes Arizona, California, Colorado, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. The reserve estimates shown were determined to be economically mineable using a reasonable and justifiable price for salable product based on the average selling price for the year ended December 31, 2024 with respect to each division for each product category of aggregates resources. The Company’s estimate of resources and reserves of aggregates shown in the tables below includes resources and reserves that would be devoted for use in the Company’s cement product line and Specialties business.

The tons presented were determined to be economically mineable using the 2024 average selling price per ton for that product category in that geographic division. There is a range of selling prices for each product category and each geography that depend on the type of product, whether it is washed or not, and its end use. The average selling price per ton used for crushed stone for the East Division, Central Division, Southwest Division and West Division was $21.79, $20.13, $15.70 and $17.22, respectively. The average selling price per ton used for sand and gravel for the East Division, Central Division, Southwest Division and West Division was $12.72, $14.15, $18.74 and $20.70, respectively. These prices exclude any portion of revenues allocated to freight, including internal freight to ship products from a producing quarry to a distribution terminal and third-party freight to deliver product to a customer.

For the purposes of this table, the Company calculates its mineral reserves based on land that has been zoned for quarrying and land for which the Company has determined zoning is not required. The Company's reserves presented in the Central Division include dolomitic limestone reserves used in the Specialties business. The Company's reserves presented in the Southwest Division include limestone reserves used in the cement product line. The Company's reserves in the West Division include magnesite reserves used in the Specialties business.

Part I ♦ Item 2 – Properties

The following presents the Company’s annual production by product line for the last three years.

1 Production tons presented for period of ownership.

Cement

As of December 31, 2025, the Company processed and shipped cement from its production facility in Midlothian, Texas, south of Dallas/Fort Worth. This facility is located on land owned by the Company free of major encumbrances. The following table summarizes certain information about the Company’s cement production facility at December 31, 2025:

Reserves identified with the facility shown above are contained on approximately 1,400 acres of land owned by the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the Company estimated its total proven and probable limestone reserves on such land to be approximately 212 million tons, which are included in the Summary Mineral Reserves table.

The Company’s cement manufacturing facility includes kilns, crushers, pre-heaters/calciners, coolers, finish mills and other equipment used to process limestone and other raw materials into cement, as well as equipment used to extract and transport the limestone from the adjacent quarries. This cement manufacturing facility is served by rail and truck.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company also operated, directly or through third parties, 4 cement distribution terminals.

The Company's cement operations are classified as assets held for sale as of December 31, 2025.

Specialties Business

The Specialties business currently operates major manufacturing facilities in Woodville, Ohio; Manistee, Michigan; Gabbs, Nevada; Waynesville, North Carolina; Greendale, Indiana; and Aspers, Pennsylvania. All of these facilities are owned.

Other Properties

The Company’s principal corporate office, which it leases, is located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The Company owns and leases various administrative offices for its five operating business segments.

Condition and Utilization

The Company’s principal properties, which are of varying ages and construction types, are believed to be generally in good condition, are generally well maintained, and are generally suitable and adequate for the purposes for which they are used.

During 2025, the principal properties of the aggregates operations were believed to be utilized at average productive capacities of approximately 68% and could support a higher level of market demand. The Company adjusts its production schedules to meet volume demand for its products.

During 2025, the Midlothian, Texas cement kiln operated on average at 61% utilization.

Both the magnesia-based and dolomitic lime businesses of the Specialties segment operated on average at 73% utilization in 2025.

♦ Information About Our Executive Officers
