ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in Item 8. of this report and the matters described under Item 1A. Risk Factors. We make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled “Forward-Looking Statements.”

A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for 2025 as compared to 2024 is presented herein. Information on 2023 is presented in graphs and other tables only to show year-over-year trends in our results of operations and operating metrics. Our financial condition for 2023 and results of operations for 2023 – and also 2023 as compared to 2024 – can be found under Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 25, 2025.

Business Overview and Strategy

Digital Realty Trust, Inc., through its controlling interest in Digital Realty Trust, L.P. and its subsidiaries, delivers comprehensive space, power, and interconnection solutions that enable its customers and partners to connect with each other and service their own customers on a global technology and real estate platform. We are a leading global provider of data center, colocation and interconnection solutions for customers across a variety of industry verticals. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. operates as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and our Operating Partnership is the entity through which we conduct our business and own our assets.

Our primary business objectives are to maximize:

We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties.

We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers and properties that may be developed for such use. Most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. Fundamentally, we bring together foundational real estate and innovative technology expertise around the world to deliver a comprehensive, dedicated product suite to meet customers’ data and connectivity needs. We represent an important part of the digital economy that we believe will benefit from powerful, long-term growth drivers.

We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. We expect to continue to acquire additional assets as part of our growth strategy. We intend to aggressively manage and lease our assets to increase their cash flow. We may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns.

Index to Financial Statements

We may acquire properties subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or we may incur new indebtedness in connection with acquiring or refinancing these properties. Debt service on such indebtedness will have a priority over any cash dividends with respect to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and preferred stock. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure. Our goal is to average through business cycles the following financial ratios: 1) a debt-to-Adjusted EBITDA ratio around 5.5x, 2) a fixed charge coverage of greater than three times, and 3) floating rate debt at less than 20% of total outstanding debt. In addition, we strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule, and we seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital, while minimizing the cost.

Summary of 2025 Significant Activities

We completed the following significant activities in 2025 as described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements:

Index to Financial Statements

Revenue Base

Most of our revenue consists of rental income generated by the data centers in our portfolio. Our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates. A summary of our data center portfolio and related occupied square feet (in thousands) (excluding space under development or held for development) is shown below. Unconsolidated portfolios shown below consist of assets owned by unconsolidated entities in which we have invested. We often provide management services for these entities under management agreements and receive management fees. These are shown as Managed Unconsolidated Portfolio. Entities for which we do not provide such services are shown as Non-Managed Unconsolidated Portfolio.

Note: Table excludes data centers held for sale. Total amounts may differ due to rounding.

Index to Financial Statements

Leasing Activities

Due to the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations we support, our lease terms with customers are generally longer than standard commercial leases. As of December 31, 2025, our average remaining lease term was approximately five years.

Our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. The subsequent table summarizes our leasing activity in the year ended December 31, 2025 (square feet in thousands):

We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and, subject to the supply of available data center space in these metropolitan areas, we expect average aggregate rental rates on renewed data center leases for 2026 expirations to be positive as compared with the rates currently being paid for the same space on a GAAP basis and on a cash basis. Our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. Further, re-leased/renewed rental rates in a particular metropolitan area may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and may fluctuate from one period to another due to a number of factors, including local economic conditions, local supply and demand for data center space, competition from other data center developers or operators, the condition of the property and whether the property, or space within the property, has been developed.

Index to Financial Statements

Geographic concentration

We depend on the market for data centers in specific geographic regions and significant changes in these regional or metropolitan areas can impact our future results. The following table shows the geographic concentration based on annualized rent from our portfolio, including data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses primarily consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance and site maintenance costs, and rental expenses on our ground and building leases. Our buildings require significant power to support data center operations and the cost of electric power and other utilities is a significant component of operating expenses.

Many of our leases contain provisions under which tenants reimburse us for all or a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. However, in some cases we are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for Turn-Key Flex® facilities. We expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.

Costs pertaining to our asset management function, legal, accounting, corporate governance, reporting and compliance are categorized as general and administrative costs within operating expenses.

Other key components of operating expenses include: depreciation of our fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, and transaction and integration costs.

Index to Financial Statements

Other Income / (Expenses)

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities, gain on disposition of properties, interest expense, and income tax expense make up the majority of Other income/(expenses). Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities represents our share of the income/(loss) of entities in which we invest, but do not consolidate under U.S. GAAP. Refer to additional discussion of Digital Core REIT and Ascenty in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Results of Operations

As a result of the consistent and significant growth in our business since the first property acquisition in 2002, we evaluate period-to-period results for revenue and property level operating expenses on a stabilized versus non-stabilized portfolio basis.

Stabilized: The stabilized portfolio includes properties owned as of the beginning of all periods presented with less than 5% of total rentable square feet under development.

Non-stabilized: The non-stabilized portfolio includes: (1) properties that were undergoing, or were expected to undergo, development activities during any of the periods presented; (2) any properties contributed to joint ventures, sold, or held for sale during the periods presented; and (3) any properties that were acquired or delivered at any point during the periods presented.

A roll forward showing changes in the stabilized and non-stabilized portfolios for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to December 31, 2024 is shown below (in thousands).

Index to Financial Statements

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2025 to the Year Ended December 31, 2024

Revenues

Total operating revenues as shown on our consolidated income statements was as follows (in thousands):

Total operating revenues increased by approximately $557.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024.

Stabilized rental and other services revenue increased by $244.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to increases in new leasing and renewals across all regions along with the strengthening of foreign exchange rates, primarily the Euro, British pound sterling and Singapore dollar.

Non-stabilized rental and other services revenue increased $241.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, driven primarily by:

Fee income and other

Fee income and other increased $71.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, driven primarily by:

Index to Financial Statements

Operating Expenses — Property Level

Property level operating expenses as shown in our consolidated income statements were as follows (in thousands):

Property level operating expenses include costs to operate and maintain the properties in our portfolio as well as taxes and insurance.

Total Utilities

Total stabilized utilities expenses increased by approximately $29.2 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher power pricing at certain properties in the stabilized portfolio.

Total non-stabilized utilities expenses increased by approximately $63.8 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to:

The cost of electric power comprises a significant component of our operating expenses. Any additional taxation or regulation of energy use, including as a result of (i) new legislation that the U.S. Congress may pass, (ii) the regulations that the U.S. EPA has proposed or finalized, (iii) regulations under legislation that states have passed or may pass, or (iv) any further legislation or regulations in EMEA, APAC or other regions where we operate could significantly increase our costs, and we may not be able to effectively pass all of these costs on to our customers. These matters could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.

Total Rental Property Operating and Maintenance (Excluding Utilities)

Total stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses (excluding utilities) increased by approximately $60.5 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to an increase in data center labor and common area maintenance expense.

Index to Financial Statements

Total non-stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses (excluding utilities) increased by approximately $35.2 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to:

Total Property Taxes and Insurance

Total stabilized property taxes and insurance increased by approximately $10.9 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to timing of property tax assessments throughout our North American portfolio.

Total non-stabilized property taxes and insurance increased $8.0 million compared to the same period in 2024 primarily related to:

Other Operating Expenses

Other operating expenses include costs which are either non-cash in nature (such as depreciation and amortization) or which do not directly pertain to operation of data center properties. A comparison of other operating expenses for the respective period is shown below (in thousands).

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses increased $85.5 million compared to the same period in 2024 due to higher head count along with increased information technology costs.

Transactions and Integration

Transactions and integration expenses increased $91.2 million compared to the same period in 2024 driven primarily by placement fees associated with securing capital commitments to the Fund and lease termination expenses in connection with acquisitions along with higher internal integration project costs.

Index to Financial Statements

Provision for Impairment

During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded a provision for impairment on real estate investments of $78.6 million. We determined that certain non-core properties in secondary U.S. markets had carrying amounts that may not be fully recoverable. Accordingly, the recorded amounts were reduced to reflect management’s estimate of fair value based on a forecast of cash flows and market capitalization rates.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a provision for impairment on real estate investments of $191.2 million. We determined that certain non-core properties in secondary U.S. markets had carrying amounts that may not be fully recoverable as we determined that we no longer intend to hold these properties long-term. Accordingly, the recorded amounts were reduced to reflect management’s estimate of fair value based principally on sales of similar properties and ongoing negotiations with third parties.

Equity in Earnings (Loss) of Unconsolidated Entities

Equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities decreased approximately $88.2 million compared to the same period in 2024. The foreign exchange remeasurement of debt associated with our unconsolidated Ascenty entity creates volatility in our equity in earnings and drove this fluctuation.

Gain on Disposition of Properties, net

Gain on disposition of properties, net increased approximately $399.8 million as compared to the same period in 2024.

In 2025, we sold non-core data centers in the Atlanta, Miami, Boston and Dallas metro areas for gross proceeds of approximately $124 million and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $33 million.

In January 2025, Mitsubishi made an additional cash capital contribution in the amount of $62 million, resulting in an additional 15% ownership in the joint venture. The transaction resulted in a gain of approximately $5.1 million.

In April 2025, we contributed an additional three development projects at the Digital Dulles campus to our joint venture with Blackstone. We received approximately $77 million of gross proceeds from the contribution and as a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $58 million.

In May 2025, we received approximately $937 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of operating data centers and development projects to the Fund, recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $873 million, and recognized an investment in the assets of $661 million. In the three months ended December 31, 2025, Digital Realty contributed an additional 40% of its interest in five operating data centers to the Fund for approximately $427 million. The transaction resulted in a gain of approximately $30.2 million.

In January 2024, we closed on the sale of our interest in four data centers to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., or Brookfield, for approximately $271 million. As a result of the sale, we recognized a total gain on disposition of approximately $191.6 million.

In January 2024, we formed a joint venture with Blackstone Inc. to develop four hyperscale data center campuses across Frankfurt, Paris and Northern Virginia. We received approximately $231 million of net proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the first phase of the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a loss on disposition of approximately $0.3 million.

Index to Financial Statements

In March 2024, we formed a joint venture with Mitsubishi Corporation, or Mitsubishi, to support the development of two data centers in the Dallas metro area. We received approximately $153 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $7.0 million.

In March 2024, we also recognized a total gain of $74.4 million from the sale of an easement to a local power provider in Northern Virginia.

In April 2024, we expanded our existing joint venture with GI Partners with the sale to GI Partners of a 75% interest in a third facility on the same hyperscale data center campus in Chicago. We contributed the data center at a value of approximately $453 million. We received approximately $386 million of net proceeds from the contribution of our data center to the joint venture and the associated financing and retained a 25% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data center and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $172 million.

In December 2024, the second phase of the Blackstone Inc. joint venture closed on hyperscale data center campuses in Frankfurt and Northern Virginia. We received approximately $385 million of net proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the second phase of the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $44.5 million.

In December 2024, we also closed on the sale to DCREIT of an additional 15.1% interest in a data center located in Frankfurt, Germany for approximately $77 million. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the Frankfurt facility and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $101 million.

Gain (loss) on Debt Extinguishment and Modifications

Gain on debt extinguishment and modifications was approximately $9 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2025, as a result of the redemption of the €1.075 billion 2.500% Notes due 2026 prior to maturity (December 2025).

Loss on debt extinguishment and modifications was approximately $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.

In January 2024, we paid down $240 million on the U.S. term loan facility. The paydown resulted in an early extinguishment charge of approximately $1.0 million.

In September 2024, we paid down €375 million on the Euro Term Loan Facilities, leaving €375 million outstanding. The paydown resulted in an early extinguishment charge of approximately $1.6 million.

We also refinanced our Global Revolving Credit Facilities and wrote off deferred loan costs of approximately $1.1 million.

In November 2024, we paid off the remaining $500 million on the U.S. term loan facility. As a result, approximately $2.2 million of deferred financing costs was written off.

Interest Expense

Interest expense decreased approximately $14.9 million compared to the same period in 2024 driven primarily by lower average balances on our Global Revolving Credit Facilities and term loan facilities offset by issuances of unsecured senior notes (€850 million of 3.875% Guaranteed Notes due 2033 (issued in September 2024), $1.15 billion of 1.875% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2029 (issued in November 2024), €850 million of 3.875% Guaranteed Notes due 2035 (issued in January 2025), €850 million of 3.875% Guaranteed Notes due 2034 (issued in June 2025), €600 million of 3.750% Guaranteed Notes due 2033 (issued in November 2025) and €800 million of 4.250% Guaranteed Notes due 2037 (issued in November 2025).

Index to Financial Statements

Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense decreased by approximately $22.7 million as compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to a favorable tax law change in a foreign jurisdiction.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The sections “Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources — Parent” and “Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources — Operating Partnership” should be read in conjunction with one another to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis. The term “Parent” refers to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding our Operating Partnership. The term “Operating Partnership” or “OP” refers to Digital Realty Trust, L.P. on a consolidated basis.

Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources — Parent

Our Parent does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, issuing public equity from time to time, incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company (which are fully reimbursed by the Operating Partnership) and guaranteeing certain unsecured debt of the Operating Partnership and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates. If our Operating Partnership or such subsidiaries fail to fulfill their debt requirements, which trigger Parent guarantee obligations, then our Parent will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. Our Parent’s only material asset is its investment in our Operating Partnership.

Our Parent’s principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common and preferred stock. Our Parent’s principal source of funding is the distributions it receives from our Operating Partnership.

As the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, our Parent has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our Operating Partnership’s day-to-day management and control. Our Parent causes our Operating Partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as our Parent may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in our Operating Partnership’s partnership agreement.

As circumstances warrant, our Parent may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. Any proceeds from such equity issuances would generally be contributed to our Operating Partnership in exchange for additional equity interests in our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities.

Our Parent and our Operating Partnership are parties to an ATM Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement dated December 23, 2024 (the “2024 Sales Agreement”). Pursuant to the 2024 Sales Agreement, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. can issue and sell common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $3.0 billion through various named agents from time to time. During the year ended December 31, 2025, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. generated net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from the issuance of approximately 6.4 million common shares under the 2024 Sales Agreement at an average price of $173.09 per share after payment of approximately $6.8 million of commissions to the agents. As of December 31, 2025, $1.9 billion remains available for future sales under the 2024 Sales Agreement.

Index to Financial Statements

The sales of common stock made under the 2024 Sales Agreement will be made in “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. Our Parent has used and intends to use the net proceeds from the program to temporarily repay borrowings under our Operating Partnership’s Global Revolving Credit Facilities, to acquire additional properties or businesses, to fund development opportunities and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including potentially for the repayment of other debt or the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt securities.

We believe our Operating Partnership’s sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its Global Revolving Credit Facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our Parent and, in turn, for our Parent to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. However, we cannot assure you that our Operating Partnership’s sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including making distribution payments to our Parent. The lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our Operating Partnership’s ability to pay its distributions to our Parent, which would, in turn, adversely affect our Parent’s ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.

Future Uses of Cash — Parent

Our Parent may from time to time seek to retire, redeem or repurchase its equity or the debt securities of our Operating Partnership or its subsidiaries through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. The amounts involved may be material.

Dividends and Distributions — Parent

Our Parent is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) on an annual basis to continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our Parent intends to make, but is not contractually bound to make, regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our Operating Partnership’s operating activities. While historically our Parent has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. All such distributions are at the discretion of our Parent’s Board of Directors. Our Parent considers market factors and our Operating Partnership’s performance in addition to REIT requirements in determining distribution levels. Our Parent has distributed at least 100% of its taxable income annually since inception to minimize corporate level federal and state income taxes. Amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities, in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our Parent’s status as a REIT.

As a result of this distribution requirement, our Operating Partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not REITs can. Our Parent may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our Operating Partnership’s working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures. In addition, our Parent may be required to use borrowings under the Operating Partnership’s Global Revolving Credit Facility (which is guaranteed by our Parent), if necessary, to meet REIT distribution requirements and maintain our Parent’s REIT status.

Distributions out of our Parent’s current or accumulated earnings and profits are generally classified as ordinary income whereas distributions in excess of our Parent’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, to the extent of a stockholder’s U.S. federal income tax basis in our Parent’s stock, are generally classified as a return of capital. Distributions in excess of a stockholder’s U.S. federal income tax basis in our Parent’s stock are generally characterized as capital gain. Cash provided by operating activities has been generally sufficient to fund distributions on an annual basis. However, we may also need to utilize borrowings under the Global Revolving Credit Facility to fund distributions.

Index to Financial Statements

The tax treatment of distributions on our Parent’s common stock and preferred stock paid in 2025 is as follows: approximately 79% ordinary income and 21% as capital gain distribution. The tax treatment of distributions on our Parent’s common stock and preferred stock paid in 2024 was as follows: approximately 77% ordinary income and 23% as capital gain distribution. The tax treatment of distributions on our Parent’s common stock paid in 2023 was as follows: approximately 40% ordinary income and 60% as capital gain distribution.

For additional information regarding dividends declared and paid by our Parent on its common and preferred stock for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, see Item 8, Note 14. “Equity and Capital” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein.

Analysis of Liquidity and Capital Resources — Operating Partnership

As of December 31, 2025, we had $3,451.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding $6.6 million of restricted cash. Restricted cash primarily consists of contractual capital expenditures plus other deposits and is included in Other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As circumstances warrant, our Operating Partnership may dispose of stabilized assets or enter into joint venture arrangements with institutional investors or strategic partners, on an opportunistic basis dependent upon market conditions. Our Operating Partnership may use the proceeds from such dispositions to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including the repayment of indebtedness. Our liquidity requirements primarily consist of:

On September 24, 2024, we refinanced our Global Revolving Credit Facility and Yen Revolving Credit Facility. The Global Revolving Credit Facilities provide for borrowings up to $4.5 billion (including approximately $0.3 billion under the Yen Revolving Credit Facility) based on currency commitments and foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2025. The Global Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in a variety of currencies and can be increased by an additional $1.8 billion, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. Both facilities mature on January 24, 2029, with two six-month extension options available.

These facilities also feature a sustainability-linked pricing component, with pricing subject to adjustment based on annual performance targets, further demonstrating our continued leadership and commitment to sustainable business practices.

The Global Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in a variety of currencies and includes the ability to add additional currencies in the future. We have used and intend to use available borrowings under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities to acquire additional properties, fund development opportunities and for general working capital and other corporate purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities. For additional information regarding our Global Revolving Credit Facilities, see Item 8, Note 11. “Debt of the Operating Partnership” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index to Financial Statements

Future Uses of Cash

Our properties require periodic investments of capital for customer-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. Depending upon customer demand, we expect to incur significant improvement costs to build out and develop additional capacity. At December 31, 2025, we had open commitments, related to construction contracts of approximately $2.6 billion, including amounts reimbursable of approximately $110.6 million.

During the year ending December 31, 2026, we expect to incur approximately $3.25 billion to $3.75 billion of capital expenditures, which includes our share of joint venture contributions and is net of partner contributions for our development programs. This amount could go up or down, potentially materially, based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results and availability of debt or equity capital.

Development Projects

The costs we incur to develop our properties are a key component of our liquidity requirements. The following table summarizes our cumulative investments in current development projects as well as expected future investments in these projects as of the periods presented, excluding square feet held in and costs incurred or to be incurred by unconsolidated entities.

Note: Total amounts may differ due to rounding.

Future development reflects cumulative cost spent pending future development and includes ongoing improvements to building infrastructure in preparation for future data center fit-out. We expect to deliver the space within 12 months; however, lease commencement dates may significantly impact final delivery schedules.

Capital Expenditures (Cash Basis)

The table below summarizes our capital expenditure activity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands):

Index to Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2025, total capital expenditures increased approximately $0.3 billion as compared to the same period in 2024. Capital expenditures on our development projects plus our enhancement and improvements projects for the year ended December 31, 2025 were approximately $2.6 billion, which reflects an increase of approximately 12% from the same period in 2024. Our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital.

Indirect costs, including interest, capitalized in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $267.8 million and $230.1 million, respectively. Capitalized interest comprised approximately $127.2 million and $118.9 million of the total indirect costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Capitalized interest in the year ended December 31, 2025 increased compared to the same period in 2024 due to an increase in qualifying activities and higher interest rates.

Excluding capitalized interest, indirect costs in the year ended December 31, 2025 increased compared to the same period in 2024 due primarily to capitalized amounts relating to compensation expense of employees directly engaged in construction activities.

Consistent with our growth strategy, we actively pursue potential acquisition opportunities, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. The dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending December 31, 2026 will depend upon numerous factors, including customer demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities. Further, the growing acceptance by private institutional investors of the data center asset class has generally pushed capitalization rates lower, as such private investors may often have lower return expectations than us. As a result, we anticipate near-term single asset acquisitions activity to comprise a smaller percentage of our growth while this market dynamic persists.

We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our Parent through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities of our Parent in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend upon prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. The amounts involved may be material.

Sources of Cash

We expect to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including payment of scheduled debt maturities and funding of acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, with net cash from operations, future long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities and the proceeds of equity issuances by our Parent. We also may fund future short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, using our Global Revolving Credit Facilities pending permanent financing. As of February 9, 2026, we had approximately $3.4 billion of borrowings available under our Global Revolving Credit Facilities.

Our Global Revolving Credit Facilities provides for borrowings up to $4.5 billion (including approximately $0.3 billion under the Yen Revolving Credit Facility). We have the ability from time to time to increase the size of the Global Revolving Credit Facility by up to $1.8 billion, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. Both facilities mature on January 24, 2029, with two six-month extension options available. These facilities also feature a sustainability-linked pricing component, with pricing subject to adjustment based on annual performance targets, further demonstrating our continued leadership and commitment to sustainable business practices. We have used and intend to use available borrowings under the Global Revolving Credit Facilities to fund our liquidity requirements from time to time. For additional information regarding our Global Revolving Credit Facility, see Note 10. “Debt of the Operating Partnership” to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein.

Index to Financial Statements

On September 13, 2024, Digital Dutch Finco B.V., an indirect wholly owned finance subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, issued and sold €850 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% Guaranteed Notes due 2033. Net proceeds from the offering were approximately €843 million (approximately $933 million based on the exchange rate on September 13, 2024) after deducting managers’ discounts and estimated offering expenses. We used the net proceeds from the offering to pay down a portion of our Euro Term Loan Facilities, temporarily repay borrowings under our Global Revolving Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes.

On January 11, 2024, we formed a joint venture with Blackstone Inc. to develop four hyperscale data center campuses across Frankfurt, Paris and Northern Virginia. The campuses are planned to support the construction of 10 data centers with approximately 500 megawatts of potential IT load capacity. The first phase of the joint venture closed on hyperscale data center campuses in Paris and Northern Virginia, while the second phase closed in the fourth quarter of 2024. We received approximately $231 million of net proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the first phase of the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a loss on disposition of approximately $0.3 million. Each partner funded its pro rata share of the remaining $3.0 billion estimated development cost for the first phase of the joint venture, which is slated for completion in various stages, contingent on customer demand, which began in the first quarter of 2024. In the fourth quarter, the second phase of the joint venture closed on hyperscale data center campuses in Frankfurt and Northern Virginia. We received approximately $385 million of net proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the second phase of the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $44.5 million.

In January 2024, we closed on the sale of our interest in four data centers to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., or Brookfield, for approximately $271 million. Two of the data centers were consolidated by us; while two of the data centers were owned by Digital Core REIT. The sale was completed subsequent to Brookfield’s November 2023 acquisition of one of our customers, Cyxtera Technologies. The acquisition was part of Cyxtera’s plan of reorganization under its Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. In conjunction with the sale, we bought out Cyxtera’s leases in three data centers located in Singapore and Frankfurt for approximately $57 million. In addition, Brookfield assumed the leases on three facilities previously leased to Cyxtera and amended the leases on three additional data centers in North America, accelerating the expiration date to September 2024. As a result of the sale, we recognized a total gain on disposition of approximately $200.5 million, of which $191.6 million is included within Gain on disposition of properties, net and $8.9 million is included within Equity in (loss) earnings of unconsolidated entities on our condensed consolidated income statements.

On March 1, 2024, we formed a joint venture with Mitsubishi Corporation, or Mitsubishi, to support the development of two data centers in the Dallas metro area. The facilities were 100% pre-leased prior to construction. We contributed the two data center buildings at a contribution value of approximately $261 million. In 2024, we received approximately $153 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and retained a 35% interest in the joint venture. Mitsubishi contributed such cash in exchange for a 65% interest in the joint venture. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $7.0 million. On January 31, 2025, Mitsubishi made an additional cash capital contribution in the amount of $62 million, resulting in an additional 15% ownership in the joint venture. As a result of such transaction, we recognized a gain of approximately $5.1 million. Currently, Mitsubishi has an 80% interest in the joint venture, and we have retained a 20% interest.

Index to Financial Statements

During the first half of 2025, the Company launched its Digital Realty DC Partners NA Fund (the “Fund”), successfully raising more than $3 billion of equity commitments to date. At inception, Fund commitments represented a 40% to 80% ownership interest in each individual asset, while the Company maintained the remaining 20% to 60% stake in the assets and less than a 2% direct interest in the Fund. The initial portfolio included five operating data centers plus three land sites with access to power for data center development. In May 2025, we received approximately $937 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of operating data centers and development projects to the Fund, recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $873 million, and recognized an investment in the assets of $661 million. The Company will serve as general partner, maintaining operational and management responsibilities for the assets. However, certain governance rights are granted to the limited partners. As such, we concluded we do not own a controlling interest and account for our interest in the assets under the equity method of accounting. These real estate assets were previously classified as held for sale and contribution. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, two additional development projects were classified within Assets held for sale and contribution on our consolidated balance sheets as it is probable they will be contributed to the Fund within one year. As of December 31, 2025, real estate assets for the two development projects that qualified as held for sale had an aggregate carrying value of $336.4 million. The disposition of a portion of our interest in the remaining development projects met the criteria under ASC 360 for the assets to qualify as held for sale and contribution. However, the operations are not classified as discontinued operations as a result of our continuing interest in the assets. These development projects were not representative of a significant component of our portfolio, nor will the contribution represent a significant shift in our strategy.

In the three months ended December 31, 2025, Digital Realty contributed an additional 40% of its interest in five operating data centers to the Fund for approximately $427 million. The transaction resulted in a gain of approximately $30.2 million. After this contribution, Digital Realty owns a 20% stake in each of the assets held in the Fund. The Company will continue to serve as general partner, maintaining operational and management responsibilities for the assets. However, certain governance rights are granted to the limited partners. As such, we continue to conclude we do not own a controlling interest and account for our interest in the assets under the equity method of accounting.

On April 3, 2025, we received approximately $77 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to our joint venture with Blackstone. As a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $58 million.

In 2025, we sold non-core data centers in the Atlanta, Miami, Boston and Dallas metro areas for gross proceeds of approximately $124 million and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $33 million.

Distributions

All distributions on our units are at the discretion of our Parent’s Board of Directors. For additional information regarding distributions paid on our common and preferred units for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, see Item 8, Note 14. “Equity and Capital” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index to Financial Statements

Outstanding Consolidated Indebtedness

The tables below summarize our outstanding debt, and also our contractual debt maturities and principal payments as of December 31, 2025 (in thousands):

Outstanding Debt

Contractual Debt Maturities and Principal Payments

Index to Financial Statements

Our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 25.1% (based on the closing price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock on December 31, 2025 of $154.71). For this purpose, our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), plus the liquidation value of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our Operating Partnership’s units not held by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, Class C units and Class D units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.

The variable rate debt shown above bears interest based on various one-month SOFR, EURIBOR, TIBOR, Base CD Rate and JIBAR rates, depending on the respective agreement governing the debt, including our Global Revolving Credit Facilities, unsecured term loans, Teraco loans and ICN10 Facilities. As of December 31, 2025, our debt had a weighted average term to initial maturity of approximately 5.0 years (or approximately 5.0 years assuming exercise of extension options).

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2025, our pro-rata share of secured debt of unconsolidated entities was approximately $1.9 billion.

Cash Flows

The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below.

Comparison of Year Ended December 31, 2025 to Year Ended December 31, 2024

The following table shows cash flows and ending cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances for the respective periods (in thousands).

Cash provided by operating activities in 2025 increased $150.7 million over 2024. The year-over-year increase was driven by:

Index to Financial Statements

The changes in the activities that comprise net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).

The increase in net cash used in investing activities as compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily due to:

Index to Financial Statements

The changes in the activities that comprise net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the same period in 2024 consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).

The increase in net cash used in financing activities as compared to the same period in 2024 was primarily due to:

Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Partnership

Noncontrolling interests relate to the common units in our Operating Partnership that are not owned by Digital Realty Trust, Inc., which, as of December 31, 2025, amounted to 1.8% of our Operating Partnership common units. Historically, our Operating Partnership has issued common units to third party sellers in connection with our acquisition of real estate interests from such third parties.

Index to Financial Statements

Limited partners have the right to require Digital Realty Trust, L.P. to redeem part or all of their common units for cash based on the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock at the time of redemption. Alternatively, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may elect to acquire those common units in exchange for shares of its common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuance of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events. As of December 31, 2025, common units and incentive units of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. are classified within equity, except for certain common units of approximately 0.2 million issued to certain former DuPont Fabros Technology, L.P. unitholders in the Company’s acquisition of DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc., which are subject to certain restrictions and, accordingly, are not presented as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets.

Inflation

Many of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. In addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. We believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above. A period of inflation, however, could cause an increase in the cost of our variable-rate borrowings, including borrowings under our Global Revolving Credit Facilities, borrowings under our Euro Term Loan Agreement and issuances of unsecured senior notes.

In addition, refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion about risks that inflation directly or indirectly may pose to our business.

Critical Accounting Policies

A critical accounting policy is one that involves management’s use of judgment regarding expected outcomes of uncertain events in order to make estimates and assumptions that are material to an entity’s financial condition and results of operations. Though we base our estimates and assumptions regarding these matters on historical and current conditions as well as future expectations, these estimates and assumptions are subjective in nature. Changes to the estimates and assumptions we make regarding these matters could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations used by stockholders, potential investors, industry analysts and lenders in the evaluation of our performance. Of the significant accounting policies described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the subsequent items have been identified by us as meeting the criteria to be considered critical accounting policies. Refer to Note 2 for more information on these critical accounting policies.

Fair Value Measurements. Fair value is intended to reflect the price that would be received for the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price). We use fair value measurements to enable us to determine the fair value of a variety of items. Fair value measurements are most significant to our financial statements in the following areas: 1) evaluation of recoverability of real estate and intangible assets (which involves comparison of fair value of the assets to net book value to quantify any potential impairments), 2) accounting for assets held for sale (which involves recording assets qualifying for held for sale treatment at the lower of book value or fair value less costs to sell), and 3) determination of fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in connection with business combinations or asset acquisitions as well as certain equity interests in unconsolidated entities.

We estimate fair value using available market information and valuation methods we believe to be appropriate for these purposes. Given the significant amount of judgment and subjectivity involved in the determination of fair value, estimated fair value is not necessarily indicative of amounts that would be realized on disposition. Refer to Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Index to Financial Statements

Recoverability of Real Estate Assets. We assess the carrying value of our properties whenever events or circumstances indicate carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable (“triggering events"). Triggering events typically relate to a change in the expected holding period of a property, an adverse change in expected future cash flows of the property, or a trend of past cash flow losses that is expected to continue in the future. If our assessment of triggering events indicates the carrying value of a property or asset group might not be recoverable, we estimate the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets and compare that amount to the book value of the assets. If our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates we are unable to recover the carrying value of a property or asset group, we record an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of the property or asset group exceeds fair value. Refer to Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Consolidation. We consolidate all entities that are wholly owned as well as all partially-owned entities that we control. In addition, we consolidate any variable interest entities (“VIEs”) for which we are the primary beneficiary. We evaluate whether or not an entity is a VIE (and we are the primary beneficiary) through consideration of substantive terms in the arrangement to identify which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses/receive benefits from the entity.

For entities that do not meet the definition of VIEs, we first consider if we are the general partner or a limited partner (or the equivalent in investments not structured as partnerships). We consolidate entities in which we are the general partner and the limited partners do not have rights that would preclude control. For entities in which we are the general partner, but the limited partners hold substantive participating or kick-out rights that prohibit our ability to control the entity, we apply the equity method of accounting since, as the general partner, we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the entities. For entities in which we are a limited partner, or that are not structured similar to a partnership, we consider factors such as ownership interest, voting control, authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners. When factors indicate we have a controlling financial interest in an entity, we consolidate the entity. Refer to Note 8. “Investments in Unconsolidated Entities” of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Revenue Recognition. We generate the majority of our revenue by leasing our properties to customers under operating lease agreements, which are accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases (“ASC 842”). We recognize the total minimum lease payments provided for under the leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term if we determine it is probable that substantially all of the lease payments will be collected over the lease term.

We estimate the probability of collection of lease payments based on customer creditworthiness, outstanding accounts receivable balances, and historical bad debts – as well as current economic trends. If collection of substantially all lease payments over the lease term is not probable, rental revenue is recognized when payment is received, and we record a reduction to rental revenue equal to the balance of any deferred rent and rent receivable, less the balance of any security deposits or letters of credit. If collection is subsequently determined to be probable, we: 1) resume recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis, 2) record incremental revenue such that the cumulative amount recognized is equal to the amount that would have been recorded on a straight-line basis since inception of the lease, and 3) reverse the allowance for bad debt recorded on outstanding receivables.

New Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index to Financial Statements

Funds From Operations

We calculate funds from operations, or FFO, in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit) in the Nareit Funds From Operations White Paper - 2018 Restatement. FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gain (loss) from the disposition of real estate assets, provision for impairment, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs), our share of unconsolidated JV real estate related depreciation & amortization, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in operating partnership and, reconciling items related to noncontrolling interests. Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. We also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of REITs, FFO will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our data centers that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our data centers, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. Other REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the Nareit definition and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to other REITs’ FFO. FFO should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with GAAP as a measure of our performance.

Reconciliation of Net Income Available to Common Stockholders to Funds From Operations (FFO)

(in thousands, except per share and unit data)

(unaudited)

Index to Financial Statements
