ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments depend upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other factors.

Analysis of Debt between Fixed and Variable Rate

We use interest rate swap agreements and fixed rate debt to reduce our exposure to interest rate movements. As of December 31, 2025, our consolidated debt was as follows (in millions):

Index to Financial Statements

Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates

The following table shows the effect if assumed changes in interest rates occurred, based on fair values and interest expense as of December 31, 2025:

Interest risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

We are subject to risk from the effects of exchange rate movements of a variety of foreign currencies, which may affect future costs and cash flows. Our primary currency exposures are to the Euro, Japanese yen, British pound sterling, Singapore dollar, South African rand and Brazilian real. Our exposure to foreign exchange risk related to the Brazilian real is limited to the impact that currency has on our share of the Ascenty entity’s operations and financial position. We attempt to mitigate a portion of the risk of currency fluctuations by financing our investments in local currency denominations in order to reduce our exposure to any foreign currency transaction gains or losses resulting from transactions entered into in currencies other than the functional currencies of the associated entities. We also utilize cross-currency interest rate swaps, designated as net investment hedges, which effectively convert a portion of our U.S. dollar-denominated fixed-rate debt to foreign currency-denominated fixed-rate debt, to hedge the currency exposure associated with our net investment in our foreign subsidiaries. In addition, we may also hedge well-defined transactional exposures with foreign currency forwards or options, although there can be no assurances that these will be effective. As a result, changes in the relation of any such foreign currency to U.S. dollar may affect our revenues, operating margins and distributions and may also affect the book value of our assets and the amount of stockholders’ equity.

Index to Financial Statements
