ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We have developed and implemented cybersecurity risk management processes intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information systems.

We utilize the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology, Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) in considering the design and in assessing our processes. This does not imply that we meet any particular technical standards, specifications, or requirements, only that we use the NIST CSF as a guide to help us identify, assess, and manage cybersecurity risks relevant to our business.

We have integrated aspects of our cybersecurity risk management processes into our overall risk management program through, for example, common methodologies, reporting channels and governance processes that apply across the overall risk management program to other risk areas.

Our cybersecurity risk management processes include, but are not limited to:

Index to Financial Statements

To date, we have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats resulting from prior cybersecurity incidents. Such incidents have not materially affected our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. On an ongoing basis, we face complex risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition . See “Risk Factors—We and our third-party providers are vulnerable to cyberattacks and security breaches that could materially disrupt or compromise our operations, data and results.” There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management processes, including our policies, controls or procedures, will be fully implemented as currently anticipated, complied with or effective in protecting our systems and information or in allowing us to recover from a cybersecurity incident.

Cybersecurity Governance

Our Board considers cybersecurity and other information technology risks as part of its risk management and compliance oversight function. The Board oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management processes and receives reports from management on our cybersecurity risks at least twice a year. In addition, management updates the Board, as necessary, regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents. The Board receives briefings from management on our cyber risk management processes, and it receives presentations on cybersecurity topics from our Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Information Officer , internal security staff or external experts as part of the Board’s risk oversight function and continuing education on topics that impact public companies.

Our Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Information Officer have primary responsibility for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats , and for executing on our cybersecurity risk management processes. Our Chief Technology Officer has decades of experience in technology strategies across global markets, the design and operation of resilient data center capacity, and the deployment of enterprise cloud strategies and data-driven applications. Our Chief Information Security Officer reports to the Chief Technology Officer and has decades of experience advising large corporations and the U.S. government on cyber resiliency, cyber operations and cyber risk management programs. Our Chief Information Officer also reports to the Chief Technology Officer and has two engineering degrees along with decades of experience in managing technology operations and investments, as well as software and applications development . Additionally, certain leaders and personnel within the cybersecurity operations team hold industry certifications, such as Certified Information Systems Security Professional or Certified Information Security Manager. Our Chief Technology Officer is a member of the management team , and works closely with the Chief Information Security Officer, Chief Information Officer and cybersecurity operations team to stay informed about and monitor efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the IT, Operational Technology (OT), and products and services environments .
