ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

General

In addition to the information in this Item 2, certain information regarding our portfolio is contained in Schedule III (Financial Statement Schedule) under Part IV, Item 15(a)(2) and which is included in Part II, Item 8.

Our Portfolio

The following table presents an overview of our portfolio of properties, including the 89 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities and developable land, based on information as of December 31, 2025 (amounts in thousands). All data centers are held in fee simple except as otherwise indicated. Please refer to Note 11. “Debt of the Operating Partnership” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of all applicable encumbrances as of December 31, 2025.

Index to Financial Statements

Index to Financial Statements

Note: Table excludes data centers held for sale. Total amounts may differ due to rounding.

We lease space from third parties under noncancellable leases for: our corporate headquarters, several regional office locations, certain data centers, and certain equipment. In addition, we are subject to ground leases at certain data centers primarily in Europe and Singapore.

Customer Diversification

The following table sets forth information regarding the 20 largest customers in our portfolio based on annualized recurring revenue as of December 31, 2025 (dollar amounts in thousands).

Note: Represents consolidated portfolio in addition to our managed portfolio of unconsolidated entities based on our ownership percentage. Our direct customers may be the entities named in the table above or their subsidiaries or affiliates.

Index to Financial Statements

Lease Distribution

The following table sets forth information relating to the distribution of leases in the properties in our portfolio, based on size (in megawatts), excluding approximately 9.7 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 4.7 million square feet of space held for development at December 31, 2025, under lease as of December 31, 2025 (dollar and square feet amounts in thousands).

Note: Represents consolidated portfolio in addition to our managed portfolio of unconsolidated entities based on our ownership percentage.

Lease Expirations

The following table sets forth a summary schedule of the lease expirations for leases in place as of December 31, 2025 plus available space for ten calendar years and thereafter at the properties in our portfolio. The table excludes space that is currently under active development or held for development. Unless otherwise stated in the footnotes to the table below, the information set forth in the table assumes that tenants exercise no renewal options and early termination rights (amounts in thousands, except per square foot amounts).

Note: Represents consolidated portfolio in addition to our managed portfolio of unconsolidated entities based on our ownership percentage. Total amounts may differ due to rounding.

Index to Financial Statements
