Index to Financial Statements

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC.

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, L.P.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

( 214 ) 231-1350

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Index to Financial Statements

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Digital Realty Trust, Inc.:

Digital Realty Trust, L.P.:

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. as of June 30, 2025, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second quarter, totaled approximately $ 59 billion based on the closing price for Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock on that day as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. Such value excludes common stock held by executive officers, directors and 10% or greater stockholders as of June 30, 2025. The identification of 10% or greater stockholders as of June 30, 2025 is based on Schedule 13G and amended Schedule 13G reports publicly filed before June 30, 2025. This calculation does not reflect a determination that such parties are affiliates for any other purposes.

There is no public trading market for the common units of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. As a result, the aggregate market value of the common units held by non-affiliates of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. cannot be determined.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Digital Realty Trust, Inc.:

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III incorporates by reference portions of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Proxy Statement for its 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders which the registrants anticipate will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of their fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A .

Index to Financial Statements

EXPLANATORY NOTE

This report combines the annual reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 of Digital Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Digital Realty Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, of which Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is the sole general partner. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our Company”, or “the Company” refer to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Digital Realty Trust, L.P. In statements regarding qualification as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such terms refer solely to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. Unless otherwise, all references to the “Parent” refer to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., and all references to “our Operating Partnership,” “the Operating Partnership” or “the OP” refer to Digital Realty Trust, L.P. together with its consolidated subsidiaries.

The Parent is a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the sole general partner of the OP. As of December 31, 2025, the Parent owned an approximate 98.2% common general partnership interest in Digital Realty Trust, L.P. The remaining approximate 1.8% of the common limited partnership interests of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. are owned by non-affiliated third parties and certain directors and officers of the Parent. As of December 31, 2025, the Parent owned all of the preferred limited partnership interests of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. As the sole general partner of Digital Realty Trust, L.P., the Parent has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for the OP’s day-to-day management and control.

We believe combining the annual reports on Form 10-K of the Parent and the OP into this single report results in the following benefits:

It is important to understand the few differences between the Parent and the OP in the context of how we operate the Company. The Parent does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the OP and issuing public equity from time to time and guaranteeing certain unsecured debt of the OP and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates. The OP holds substantially all the assets of the business, directly or indirectly. The OP conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent, which are generally contributed to the OP in exchange for partnership units, the OP generates capital required by the business through the OP’s operations, incurrence of indebtedness and issuance of partnership units to third parties.

The presentation of noncontrolling interests, stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and those of the OP. The differences in the presentations between stockholders’ equity and partners’ capital result from the differences in the equity and capital issuances in the Parent and in the OP.

To highlight the differences between the Parent and the OP, separate sections in this report, as applicable, individually discuss the Parent and the OP, including separate financial statements and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Parent and the OP, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the Company.

As general partner with control of the OP, the Parent consolidates the OP for financial reporting purposes, and it does not have significant assets other than its investment in the OP. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Parent and the OP are the same on their respective consolidated financial statements. The separate discussions of the Parent and the OP in this report should be read in conjunction with each other to understand the results of the Company on a consolidated basis and how management operates the Company.

Index to Financial Statements

In this report, “properties” and “buildings” refer to all or any of the buildings in our portfolio, including data centers and non-data centers, and “data centers” refers only to the properties or buildings in our portfolio that contain data center space.

In this report, “Global Revolving Credit Facility” refers to our Operating Partnership’s $4.2 billion equivalent senior unsecured revolving credit facility and global senior credit agreement; “Yen Revolving Credit Facility” refers to our Operating Partnership’s ¥42,511,000,000 (approximately $271 million based on exchange rates at December 31, 2025) senior unsecured revolving credit facility and Yen credit agreement; and “Global Revolving Credit Facilities” refer to our Global Revolving Credit Facility and our Yen Revolving Credit Facility, collectively.

In this report, the “Euro Term Loan Agreement” refers to a term loan agreement which governs a €375,000,000 five-year senior unsecured term loan facility (the “Euro Term Loan Facility”), comprised of €125,000,000 of initial term loans, the entire amount of which was funded on such date, and €250,000,000 of delayed draw term loan commitments that were funded on September 9, 2023.

In this report, Digital Core REIT (“DCREIT”) is a standalone real estate investment trust formed under Singapore law, which is publicly traded on the Singapore Exchange under the ticker symbol “DCRU”.

Index to Financial Statements

DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. AND DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, L.P.

FORM 10-K

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025

Index to Financial Statements

PART I
