ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits and receives various regulatory inquiries considered to be in the normal course of business. Members of the Company's senior legal and financial management teams review litigation and regulatory inquiries on a quarterly and annual basis and the Company updates the related estimates, accruals, and disclosures, if any, based on such reviews. For litigation and regulatory matters where it is probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount of that loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company establishes accruals for loss contingencies. Where a loss may be reasonably possible but not probable, or is probable but not reasonably estimable, no accrual is recorded. The final results of any litigation or regulatory inquiries cannot be predicted with certainty. Although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the Company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

Aflac Incorporated's common stock is principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFL.

Holders

As of February 16, 2026, there were 75,463 holders of record of the Company's common stock.

Dividends

For a summary of dividends paid to shareholders in 2025 and 2024 and potential restrictions on the Company's ability to pay future dividends, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7. MD&A.

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Stock Performance Graph

The following graph compares the five-year performance of the Company's common stock to the Standard & Poor's 500 (S&P 500) Index and the Standard & Poor's 500 Life and Health Insurance (S&P 500 Life and Health Insurance) Index. The S&P 500 Life and Health Insurance Index includes: Aflac Incorporated, Globe Life Inc., MetLife, Inc., Principal Financial Group, Inc. and Prudential Financial, Inc.

Performance Graphic Index

December 31,

Copyright © 2026 Standard & Poor’s, a division of S&P Global. All rights reserved.
