Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The Company has three outsourcing agreements with a management consulting and technology services company. The first agreement provides for application maintenance and development services for Aflac Japan. The first agreement has a remaining term of three years with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 12.7 billion ($ 81 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate). The second agreement provides for policy administrative services for Aflac Japan. The second agreement has a remaining term of three years with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 5.2 billion ($ 33 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate). The third agreement provides for comprehensive project-related support services for Aflac Japan. The third agreement has a remaining term of one year with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 1.3 billion ($ 8 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate).

The Company has two outsourcing agreements with information technology and data services companies to provide application maintenance and development services for Aflac Japan. The first agreement has a remaining term of two years with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 7.8 billion ($ 50 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate). The second agreement has a remaining term of two years with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 9.3 billion ($ 59 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate).

The Company has an outsourcing agreement with an information technology and data services company to provide cloud hosting services for the Company. The agreement has a remaining term of one year with an aggregate remaining cost of $ 32 million.

The Company has a comprehensive agreement with a cloud-based software company to license software for Aflac Japan. The agreement has a remaining term of four years with an aggregate remaining cost of ¥ 6.6 billion ($ 42 million using the December 31, 2025 foreign exchange rate).

See Note 3 for details on certain investment commitments.

Guaranty Fund Assessments

The U.S. insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that is monitored and regulated by state insurance departments. These life and health insurance guaranty associations are state entities (in all 50 states as well as Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia) created to protect policyholders of an insolvent insurance company. All insurance companies (with limited exceptions) licensed to sell life or health insurance in a state must be members of that state’s guaranty association. Under state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business.

Guaranty fund assessments for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were immaterial.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL

DISCLOSURE

There have been no changes in, or disagreements with, accountants on accounting and financial disclosure matters during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report (the “Evaluation Date”). Based on such evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

(a) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is incorporated herein by reference from Part II, Item 8. of this report.

(b) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company's internal control over financial reporting is incorporated herein by reference from Part II, Item 8. of this report.

(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter of 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Insider Trading Arrangements

During the fourth quarter of 2025, the following directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Parent Company's securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408(c):

• On December 1, 2025 , Miwako Hosoda , a member of the Company's board of directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that provides for the sale of 20% of time-based restricted stock shares to be released 1 year after the original grant date. The plan will terminate no later than May 29, 2026 . The estimated number of gross shares of Aflac Incorporated common stock to be released is 1,722 ; however, the actual number of shares released may vary based on dividends accrued prior to the release date.

• On December 4, 2025 , Joseph L. Moskowitz , a member of the Company's board of directors , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that provides for the sale of 2,400 shares of Aflac Incorporated common stock. The plan will terminate no later than November 13, 2026 .

• On December 5, 2025 , Masatoshi Koide , President and Representative Director of Aflac Japan , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that provides for the sale of 50% of performance-based restricted stock shares to be released upon approval of the Company's board of directors and at least 3 years after the original grant date. The plan will terminate no later than June 30, 2026 . The estimated number of gross shares of Aflac Incorporated common stock to be released is 18,605 ; however, the actual number of shares released may vary based on achievement of designated performance metrics.

• On December 8, 2025 , Charles D. Lake II , Chairman and Representative Director of Aflac Japan and President of Aflac International , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan that provides for the sale of 55.95% of performance-based restricted stock shares to be released upon approval of the Company's board of directors and at least 3 years after the original grant date. The plan will terminate no later than June 30, 2026 . The estimated number of gross shares of Aflac Incorporated common stock to be released is 16,116 ; however, the actual number of shares released may vary based on achievement of designated performance metrics.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

PART III

Pursuant to General Instruction G to Form 10-K, Items 10 through 14 are incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive Notice and Proxy Statement relating to the Company's 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about March 19, 2026, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee Report and Compensation Committee Report to be included in such proxy statement shall be deemed to be furnished in this report and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 as a result of such furnishing in Items 10. and 11., respectively.

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, are not material, are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.

In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this annual report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and:

• should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;

• have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement;

• may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and

• were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.

Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

SCHEDULE II

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only)

Condensed Statements of Earnings

(1) Eliminated in consolidation

See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

SCHEDULE II

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only)

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

SCHEDULE II

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only)

Condensed Balance Sheets

(1) Eliminated in consolidation

See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

SCHEDULE II

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only)

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

(1) Eliminated in consolidation

See the accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

SCHEDULE II

CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT

Aflac Incorporated (Parent Only)

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries included in Part II, Item 8. of this report.

(A) Notes Payable and Lease Obligations

A summary of notes payable and lease obligations as of December 31 follows:

Amounts in the table above are reported net of debt issuance costs and issuance premiums or discounts, if applicable, that are being amortized over the life of the notes.

In September 2025, the Parent Company extinguished ¥ 12.4 billion of .300 % senior notes upon their maturity.

In June 2025, the Parent Company issued four series of senior notes totaling ¥ 74.9 billion through a public debt offering under its U.S. shelf registration statement. The first series, which totaled ¥ 35.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.726 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in October 2030. The second series, which totaled ¥ 23.4 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.003 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in December 2032. The third series, which totaled ¥ 9.5 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.369 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in June 2035. The fourth series, which totaled ¥ 7.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.779 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in June 2040. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company’s option at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting U.S. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance. In addition, the notes maturing in October 2030, December 2032, June 2035 and June 2040 are redeemable at the Parent Company's option, in whole or in part from time to time, on or after July 18, 2030, September 14, 2032, December 5, 2034, and December 5, 2039, respectively, at a redemption price equal to the aggregate principal amount of the applicable series to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date of redemption.

In May 2025, the Parent Company issued four series of senior notes totaling ¥ 75.1 billion through a private placement. The first series, which totaled ¥ 18.2 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.990 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in May 2032. The second series, which totaled ¥ 38.3 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.320 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in May 2035. The third series, which totaled ¥ 11.6 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.650 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in May 2040. The fourth series, which totaled ¥ 7.0 billion, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.040 % per annum, payable semiannually, and will mature in May 2045. These notes are redeemable at the Parent Company's option (i) in whole at any time or (ii) in part from time to time in an amount not less than 5% of the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the notes to be redeemed.

The aggregate contractual maturities of notes payable during each of the years after December 31, 2025, are as follows:

For further information regarding notes payable and lease obligations, see Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(B) Derivatives

At December 31, 2025, the Parent Company's outstanding freestanding derivative contracts were foreign currency forwards. The foreign currency forwards are designated as derivative hedges of the foreign currency exposure of the Company's net investment in Aflac Japan. The Parent Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts with Aflac Re to economically manage the currency mismatch between Aflac Re's assets which are mostly denominated in U.S. dollars and its liabilities which are mostly denominated in Japanese yen. The Parent Company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, nor does it engage in leveraged derivative transactions. For further information regarding these derivatives, see Notes 1 and 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(C) Income Taxes

The Parent Company and its eligible U.S. subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return. Income tax liabilities or benefits are recorded by each principal subsidiary based upon separate return calculations, and any difference between the consolidated provision and the aggregate amounts recorded by the subsidiaries is reflected in the Parent Company financial statements. For further information on income taxes, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(D) Dividend Restrictions

See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding dividend restrictions.

(E) Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information

SCHEDULE III

SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Years ended December 31,

Segment amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding.

Years Ended December 31,

Segment amounts may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

SCHEDULE IV

REINSURANCE

Aflac Incorporated and Subsidiaries

Years Ended December 31,

Premiums by type may not agree in total to the corresponding consolidated amounts due to rounding.

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

Glossary of Selected Terms

Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company may use certain performance metrics and other terms which are defined below.

Adjusted net investment income is net investment income adjusted for i) amortized hedge cost/income related to foreign currency exposure management strategies and certain derivative activity and ii) net interest income/expense from foreign currency and interest rate derivatives associated with certain investment strategies, which are reclassified from net investment gains (losses) to net investment income. The Company considers adjusted net investment income important because it provides a more comprehensive understanding of the costs and income associated with the Company's investments and related hedging strategies. The metric is used in segment reporting as a component of segment profitability.

Affiliated corporate agency is an agency in Japan directly affiliated with a specific corporation that sells insurance policies primarily to its employees.

Annualized premiums in force is the amount of gross premium that a policyholder must pay over a full year in order to keep coverage. The growth of net earned premiums is directly affected by the change in premiums in force and by the change in weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rates. Management uses this measure as a key indicator of source of earnings.

Average weekly producer is the total number of writing agents, including brokers, in the U.S. who have produced greater than $0.00 during the production week - excluding any manual adjustments - divided by the number of weeks in the time period. The Company believes this metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs, as well as serve as a leading indicator of future production capacity.

Capital buffer is an established dollar amount of liquidity at the Parent Company reserved for injecting capital into the insurance entities or general liquidity support for general expenses at the Parent Company.

Cancer policies in force are the number of policies attributable to cancer products currently in force at the end of the period for Aflac Japan. The number of policies increases with new sales and decreases with terminations. Management uses this number to measure the growth in Aflac Japan's cancer product line by policy count.

Earnings per basic share is net earnings divided by weighted-average number of shares outstanding for the period.

Earnings Per diluted share is net earnings divided by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding for

the period plus the weighted-average shares for the dilutive effect of share-based awards outstanding.

Economic Solvency Ratio (ESR) is an economic value-based soundness indicator that demonstrates whether the insurance company has sufficient capital to cover future risks. Assets and liabilities are evaluated at economic value, the risk amount incurred in a stressed environment is measured, and the capital sufficiency for this risk is assessed. The ESR level, which is the basis for supervisory intervention by the authorities, is set at 100%.

Group insurance is insurance issued to a group, such as an employer or trade association, that covers employees or association members and their dependents through certificates of coverage.

Individual insurance is insurance issued to an individual with the policy designed to cover that person and his or her dependents.

Policies in force are the number of policies currently in force at the end of the period for Aflac Japan. The number of policies increases with new sales and decreases with terminations. Management uses this number to measure the growth in the Company's business by policy count.

Liquidity support is an internally defined and established dollar amount of liquidity reserved for supporting potential collateral and settlements of derivatives at the Parent Company and short-term funding needs.

Net investment income is the income derived from interest and dividends on invested assets, after deducting investment expenses.

Net earned premiums is a financial measure that appears on the Company's consolidated statements of earnings and in its segment reporting. This measure reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period, reduced by premiums that have been ceded to third parties and increased by premiums assumed through reinsurance.

New annualized premium sales are sometimes referred to as new sales or sales. An operating measure that is not reflected on the Company's financial statements. New annualized premium sales generally represent annual premiums on policies and riders the Company sold and incremental increases from policy conversions that would be collected over a 12-month period assuming the policies remain in force for that entire period. For Aflac Japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. For Aflac U.S., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are

issued during the reporting period. Policy conversions are defined as the positive difference in the annualized premium when a policy upgrades in the current reporting period. The Company believes that this metric is a key indicator of the Company's future source of earnings.

New money yield is gross yields earned on purchases of fixed maturities, loan receivables, and equities. Purchases exclude capitalized interest, securities lending/repurchase agreements, short-term/cash activity, and alternatives. New money yield for equities is based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase. The new money yield for Aflac Japan excludes the impact of any derivatives and associated amortized hedge costs associated with USD-denominated investments. Management uses this metric as a leading indicator of future investment earning potential.

Operating ratios are used to evaluate the Company's financial condition and profitability. Examples include: (1) Ratios to total adjusted revenues, which present expenses as percentage of total revenues and (2) Ratios to total premium, including benefit ratio. Operating ratios include: Benefit Ratio and Expense Ratio.

Portfolio book yield expressed as a percentage of the investments' book value, represents the gross return expected to be realized on a security at a point in time and is calculated for fixed maturity securities, commercial mortgage and other loans and equity securities. It excludes amortized hedge costs, investments in limited partnerships and short-term securities. The yield assumes any early redemption options will be exercised. Management uses this metric to measure the future total return on the portfolio.

Premium persistency is the percentage of premiums remaining in force at the end of a period, usually one year, and presented on a trailing 12-month average basis. For example, 95% persistency would mean that 95% of the premiums in force at the beginning of a period are still in force at the end of the period. The Company believes that this metric is a key driver of in force levels, which is a key measure of the size of the Company's business and future sources of earnings.

Pretax adjusted earnings are earnings as adjusted before the application of income taxes. This measure is used in the Company's segment reporting.

Pretax adjusted profit margin is adjusted earnings divided by adjusted revenues, before taxes are applied. This measure is used in the Company's segment reporting.

Return on average invested assets is net investment income as a percentage of average invested assets during the period. Management uses this metric to demonstrate how the Company's actual net investment income results represent an overall return on the

portfolio to provide a more comparative metric as the size of the Company's investment portfolio changes over time.

Risk-based Capital (RBC) Ratio is statutory adjusted capital divided by statutory required capital. This insurance ratio is based on rules prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) and provides an indication of the amount of statutory capital the insurance company maintains, relative to the inherent risks in the insurer’s operations.

Solvency Margin Ratio (SMR) is solvency margin total divided by one half of the risk total. This insurance ratio is prescribed by the Japan Financial Services Agency (FSA) and is used for all life insurance companies in Japan to measure the adequacy of the company’s ability to pay policyholder claims in the event actual risks exceed expected levels.

Statutory earnings are earnings determined according to accounting rules prescribed by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company’s state of domicile. These statutory accounting rules are different from U.S. GAAP and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency.

Weighted-average foreign exchange rate is Japan segment operating earnings for the period (excluding hedge costs) in yen divided by Japan segment operating earnings for the period (excluding hedge costs) in U.S. dollars. Management uses this metric to evaluate and determine consolidated results on foreign currency effective basis.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
