UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

or

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number: 001-07434

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 706 . 323.3431

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. þ Yes ̈ No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ̈ Yes þ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. þ Yes ̈ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). þ Yes ̈ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ☐ Yes ☑ No

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2025, was $ 56,035,389,963 .

The number of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding at February 16, 2026, with $.10 par value, was 516,369,452 .

Documents Incorporated By Reference

Certain information contained in the Notice and Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

Aflac Incorporated

Annual Report on Form 10-K

For the Year Ended December 31, 2025

i

Item 1. Business

PART I

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. Aflac Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the Company) desire to take advantage of these provisions. This report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by Company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements containing words such as the ones listed below or similar words, as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. The Company undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law.

The Company cautions readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements:

• difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy, including inflation

• defaults and credit downgrades of investments

• global fluctuations in interest rates and exposure to significant interest rate risk

• concentration of business in Japan

• limited availability of acceptable Japanese yen-denominated investments

• foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate

• differing interpretations applied to investment valuations

• significant valuation judgments in determination of expected credit losses recorded on the Company's investments

• decreases in the Company's financial strength or debt ratings

• decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions

• the Company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, employees, and distribution partners

• deviations in actual experience from pricing and reserving assumptions

• ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems and on successful execution of revenue growth and expense management initiatives

• interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, and uncertainty regarding the impact of the incident involving unauthorized access to the Company’s network in June 2025

• subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to the Parent Company

• inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures

• operational risks of third-party vendors

• tax rates applicable to the Company may change

• failure to comply with restrictions on policyholder privacy and information security

• extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities

• competitive environment and ability to anticipate and respond to market trends

• catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, as a result of climate change, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, major public health issues, terrorism or other acts of violence, and damage incidental to such events

• ability to protect the Aflac brand and the Company's reputation

• ability to effectively manage key executive succession

• changes in accounting standards

• level and outcome of litigation or regulatory inquiries

• allegations or determinations of worker misclassification in the United States

Item 1. Business

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW

Aflac Incorporated (the Parent Company) was incorporated in 1973 under the laws of the state of Georgia. The Parent Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) provide financial protection to millions of policyholders and customers in Japan and the United States (U.S.). The Company’s principal business is supplemental health and life insurance products with the goal to provide customers the best value in supplemental insurance products in Japan and the U.S. When a policyholder or insured gets sick or hurt, the Company pays cash benefits fairly and promptly for eligible claims. Throughout its 70-year history, the Company’s supplemental insurance policies have given policyholders the opportunity to focus on recovery, not financial stress.

The Company is authorized to conduct insurance business in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, several U.S. territories, and Japan. The Company’s website is: www.aflac.com. Information included on the Company’s website is not incorporated by reference into this filing. The Company makes available free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.

REVENUE-GENERATING ACTIVITIES

The Company's strategy for growth in Japan and the U.S. has remained straightforward and consistent for many years. The Company develops relevant supplemental health insurance products offering financial protection from the rising out-of-pocket expenses associated with medical events that are not covered by the insureds' primary coverage. The Company also offers a complement of other voluntary and employer-paid health and life insurance products to fit the needs of its customers. Additionally, the Company aims to obtain more customers by selling where the customer prefers to purchase protection, whether through an agent or broker, a distribution partner or directly from the Company. To help promote its insurance products, the Company’s marketing campaigns feature the Aflac Duck.

LONG-TERM GROWTH STRATEGY

In 1999, the Company had been running commercials for nearly a decade, but its brand awareness was hovering at about 10%. An innovative marketing campaign with something unique and memorable that would build brand awareness was needed. The Aflac Duck’s first commercial in the U.S., “Park Bench,” aired on January 1, 2000 and taught consumers how to pronounce “Aflac.” The Aflac Duck made its international debut in Japan in 2003. In the time since its U.S. debut, the Aflac Duck has become one of the most familiar advertising icons in the world, appearing in many commercials and countless print ads in both the U.S. and Japan. Celebrating its 25th anniversary in the U.S., the Aflac Duck continues to be a helpmate who increases brand knowledge and connection.

Item 1. Business

The Company's insurance business consists of two reporting segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. The primary insurance subsidiary in the Aflac Japan segment is Aflac Life Insurance Japan Ltd. (ALIJ). Aflac U.S. includes the insurance subsidiaries American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac); Continental American Insurance Company (CAIC), branded as Aflac Group Insurance (AGI); American Family Life Assurance Company of New York (Aflac New York); Tier One Insurance Company (TOIC); and Aflac Benefits Solutions, Inc. (ABS), which provides a platform for Aflac Dental and Vision in the U.S.

For information on the Company's results of operations and financial information by segment, see Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) and Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

AFLAC JAPAN

Aflac Japan is the principal contributor to the Parent Company's consolidated earnings and the largest insurer in Japan in terms of cancer and medical (third sector insurance products) policies in force. For information on Aflac Japan's operating results, see the Aflac Japan Segment section of Item 7. MD&A.

Insurance Products

Aflac Japan's third sector insurance products are supplemental products designed to help consumers pay for medical and nonmedical costs that are not reimbursed under Japan's national health insurance system. Changes in Japan's economy and an aging population have put increasing pressure on Japan's national health care system. As a result, more costs have been shifted to Japanese consumers, who in turn have become increasingly interested in insurance products that help them manage those costs. Aflac Japan has responded to this consumer need by enhancing existing products and developing new products. Aflac Japan remains focused on maintaining leadership in third sector insurance products that are less interest rate sensitive and have strong and stable margins. At the same time, Aflac Japan complements this core business with similarly profitable first sector products as outlined below.

Third Sector Insurance Products

Cancer

Cancer Insurance Aflac Japan pioneered the cancer insurance market in Japan in 1974, and remains the number one provider of cancer insurance in Japan today. Aflac Japan's cancer insurance products provide a lump-sum benefit upon initial diagnosis of cancer and fixed daily benefits for subsequent hospitalization and outpatient treatments due to cancer, as well as cancer-related surgical and convalescent care benefits. In March 2025, Aflac Japan launched a new cancer insurance product, Miraito , a service-integrated product designed to allow customers the flexibility to choose necessary coverage to meet their individual needs. Aflac Japan continues to provide Yori-sou Cancer Consultation Support, a service that provides comprehensive support from the moment a policyholder suspects cancer through treatment and recovery. This service is provided to all existing policyholders of Aflac Japan cancer insurance products, including Miraito.

Medical and Other Health

Medical Insurance Aflac Japan's medical insurance products provide benefits for hospitalization, surgeries and outpatient treatment of various illnesses, as well as lump sum benefits related to three critical illnesses: cancer, heart attack, and stroke. In December 2025, Aflac Japan launched a new medical insurance product, Anshin Palette, which offers customers the flexibility to choose only the coverage they need from a wide range of options.

Other

Nursing Care Insurance Aflac Japan's Nursing Care Insurance provides coverage for out-of-pocket costs incurred when receiving public nursing care services.

Item 1. Business

First Sector Insurance Products

Life

Protection-Type Life Insurance

Whole Life Prepare Smart Whole-Life Insurance is a whole life insurance product with low cash surrender value, which offers non-smoking policyholders further discounted premiums, and it provides beneficiaries, typically a designated family member, with a pre-determined benefit payment upon the death of the insured.

GIFT GIFT is a term life insurance product that provides beneficiaries, typically family members, with a fixed amount of money every month upon a breadwinner’s death or serious disability as family support.

Savings-Type Life Insurance

Tsumitasu Launched in June 2024, Tsumitasu is an insurance product designed primarily for post-retirement preparation, with asset formation features and coverage for nursing care and other benefits.

WAYS and Child Endowment WAYS is an insurance product which has features that allow policyholders to convert a portion of their life insurance to medical, nursing care or fixed annuity benefits at a predetermined age. Aflac Japan's child endowment insurance product offers a death benefit until a child reaches age 18. This product also pays a lump-sum benefit at the time of the child's entry into high school, as well as an educational annuity for each of the four years during his or her college education.

Distribution Channels

Traditional Sales Channel This distribution channel includes individual agencies, independent corporate agencies and affiliated corporate agencies. Aflac Japan was represented by approximately 6,300 sales agencies at the end of 2025, with approximately 112,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies, including individual agencies.

Dai-ichi Life Aflac Japan's alliance with Dai-ichi Life was launched in 2001, and approximately 37,000 Dai-ichi Life representatives offer Aflac Japan's cancer products. Dai-ichi Life is included in Aflac Japan's affiliated corporate agencies distribution channel.

Japan Post Group Aflac Japan's alliance with Japan Post Group, which is included in Aflac Japan's affiliated corporate agencies distribution channel, was launched in 2008. After the alliance strengthened in 2013, the number of postal outlets of Japan Post Co. Ltd. (Japan Post Co.) offering Aflac Japan's cancer product increased, with approximately 20,000 postal outlets as of December 31, 2025. Japan Post Insurance Co., Ltd. (Japan Post Insurance) offers Aflac Japan's cancer products through its 76 branches responsible for corporate sales and 626 service departments in charge of individual sales.

Daido Life Aflac Japan's alliance with Daido Life was launched in 2013, and approximately 3,700 Daido Life representatives offer Aflac Japan's cancer products to mainly small and medium-sized business owners, executives and employees. Daido Life is included in Aflac Japan's affiliated corporate agencies distribution channel.

Banks Consumers in Japan rely on banks to provide not only traditional bank services, but also as one key source to provide insurance solutions and other services. At December 31, 2025, Aflac Japan had agreements with approximately 90% of the total number of banks in Japan to sell its products.

Competitive Markets

The Company competes with other insurance carriers through product design, price, policyholder service, and sales efforts. Since the deregulation of the Japan market in 2001, the number of insurance companies offering stand-alone cancer and medical insurance has increased, intensifying competition. However, based on Aflac Japan's size of annualized premiums in force and diversified distribution network, the Company believes it is well-positioned to continue to adapt to increased competition. Furthermore, the Company believes the continued development and maintenance of operating efficiencies will allow Aflac Japan to offer affordable products that appeal to consumers. The Company believes Aflac Japan will remain a leading provider of third sector products such as cancer and medical insurance coverage in Japan, principally due to its experience in the market, well-known brand, low-cost operations, expansive marketing system and product expertise.

Item 1. Business

Government Regulation

Financial Services Agency (FSA) The financial and business affairs of Aflac Japan are subject to examination by Japan's FSA. Aflac Japan files annual and interim reports and financial statements for the Japanese insurance operations based on a March 31 fiscal year-end, prepared in accordance with Japanese regulatory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the FSA. Japanese regulatory basis earnings are determined using accounting principles that differ materially from U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). For additional information, see Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Two FSA regulations applicable to Aflac Japan are outlined below.

▪ Privacy and Cybersecurity

With regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, Aflac Japan is regulated in Japan by the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) and guidelines issued by FSA and other governmental authorities.

• FSA Solvency Standard

The FSA maintains a solvency standard, the solvency margin ratio (SMR), which is used by Japanese regulators to monitor the financial strength of insurance companies. Aflac Japan's SMR is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread and foreign exchange rate changes. See the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7. MD&A for additional information on SMR, including a discussion of measures the Company has taken to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's SMR and the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime based on the Insurance Capital Standards (ICS) for insurance companies effective for Aflac Japan's 2025 fiscal year-end.

Companies Act of Japan Aflac Japan dividend distributions to the Parent Company are subject to permitted dividend capacity under the Companies Act of Japan.

Policyholder Protection The Japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection corporation that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. For additional information, see the Policyholder Protection section of Item 7. MD&A.

For additional information regarding Aflac Japan's operations and regulations, see the Aflac Japan Segment subsection of Item 7. MD&A and Notes 2 and 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

AFLAC U.S.

The Company designs its U.S. insurance products to provide supplemental coverage for people who already have major medical or primary insurance coverage, as Aflac U.S. insurance policies pay benefits regardless of other insurance. Aflac U.S. products are distributed in the individual and group supplemental insurance markets. Aflac's individual policies are portable, meaning that individuals may retain their full insurance coverage upon separation from employment or affiliation with a group, generally at the same premium. Individual policies are typically guaranteed-renewable for the lifetime of the policyholder (to age 75 for short-term disability policies).

Insurance Products

Accident

Accident Insurance Aflac U.S. offers accident coverage on both an individual and group basis. These policies pay cash benefits in the event of a covered injury. The accident portion of the policy includes lump-sum benefits for accidental death, dismemberment and specific injuries as well as fixed benefits for hospital confinement. Additional benefits are also available for home modifications, wellness and increased benefits for injuries related to participation in an organized sporting activity.

Item 1. Business

Disability

Disability Insurance Aflac U.S. offers short-term disability benefits on both an individual and group basis and long-term disability benefits on a group basis. These plans provide coverage for covered injury, illness or mental health conditions.

Critical Care

Cancer Insurance Aflac U.S.'s cancer insurance products provide a lump-sum benefit upon initial diagnosis of cancer and subsequent benefits for treatment received due to cancer. Aflac U.S. offers cancer insurance on an individual basis.

Critical Illness Insurance Aflac U.S. offers coverage for critical illness plans on both an individual and group basis. These policies are designed to pay cash benefits in the event of critical illnesses such as heart attack, stroke or cancer.

Hospital Indemnity

Hospital Indemnity Insurance Aflac U.S. offers hospital indemnity coverage on both an individual and group basis. Hospital indemnity products provide policyholders fixed dollar benefits triggered by hospitalization due to accident or sickness. Indemnity benefits for inpatient and outpatient surgeries, as well as various other diagnostic events, are also available. Aflac U.S. also offers a lump sum rider for a range of critical illness events that can be added to its individual accident, short-term disability and hospital indemnity products.

Dental and Vision

Dental and Vision Insurance Aflac U.S. offers network dental and vision products on a group basis, as well as fixed-benefit dental coverage on an individual basis.

Life

Life Insurance Aflac U.S. offers term- and whole-life policies on both an individual and group basis.

Seasonality

In recent years, new annualized premium sales are generally higher in the fourth quarter for Aflac U.S. group business due to the timing of open enrollment for many employers. As a result, a significant portion of total new annualized premium sales for Aflac U.S. group business are generated in the fourth quarter, which typically results in over one third of Aflac U.S. total sales being generated in the fourth quarter.

Distribution Channels

Independent Associates/Career Agents The career agent channel in Aflac U.S. focuses on marketing Aflac to the small business market, defined as employers of between three and 99 employees. Sales associates in the U.S. are independent contractors and are paid commissions and other variable compensation based on first-year and renewal premiums from their sales of insurance products.

Brokers The broker channel of Aflac U.S. focuses on selling to the mid- and large-case market, which is comprised of employers with 100 or more employees and typically an average size of 1,000 employees or more. Brokers in the U.S. are independent contractors and are paid commissions and other variable compensation based on first-year and renewal premiums from their sales of insurance products.

In 2025, the Aflac U.S. sales force included an average of approximately 5,300 U.S. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. For additional information, see the Aflac U.S. Segment subsection of Item 7. MD&A.

Consumer Markets While Aflac U.S. primarily markets its insurance products at the worksite, Aflac U.S. is also expanding its distribution strategy to directly reach consumers outside of the traditional worksite through digital lead generation.

Item 1. Business

Competitive Markets

Aflac U.S. competes against several supplemental insurance carriers on a national and regional basis. Aflac U.S. believes its policies, premium rates, platforms, value-added services and sales commissions are competitive by product type. Moreover, Aflac U.S. believes that its products are distinct from competitive offerings given its product focus (including features, benefits and claims service model), distribution capabilities and brand awareness.

Since Aflac products provide an additional level of financial protection for policyholders, the Company believes the increased financial exposure some employees may face creates a favorable opportunity for Aflac U.S. products. However, given the profitability erosion some major medical carriers are facing in their core lines of business, the Company has seen a more competitive landscape as these carriers seek entry into Aflac's supplemental product segments and leverage their core benefit offerings by bundling and discounting products in order to gain market share.

Government Regulation

State Insurance Regulation The Parent Company and its U.S. insurance subsidiaries, Aflac, CAIC, TOIC (Nebraska-domiciled insurance companies), Aflac New York (a New York-domiciled insurance company) and ABS (a licensed third-party administrator in most U.S. jurisdictions and a pre-paid limited health service organization in Florida) are subject to state regulations in the U.S. as an insurance holding company system. Such regulations generally provide that certain transactions between companies within the holding company system must be fair and equitable. In addition, transfers of assets among such affiliated companies, certain dividend payments from insurance subsidiaries and certain transactions between companies within the system, including management fees, loans and advances are subject to prior notice to, or approval by, state regulatory authorities. These laws generally require, among other things, the insurance holding company and each insurance company directly owned by the holding company to register with the insurance departments of their respective domiciliary states and to furnish annually financial and other information about the operations of companies within the holding company system.

Like all U.S. insurance companies, Aflac, CAIC, TOIC and Aflac New York are subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which they do business. In general, the insurance laws of the various jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers relating to, among other things:

• granting and revoking licenses to transact business

• regulating trade and claims practices

• licensing of insurance agents and brokers

• approval of policy forms and premium rates

• standards of solvency and maintenance of specified policy benefit reserves and minimum loss ratio requirements

• capital requirements

• limitations on dividends to shareholders

• the nature of and limitations on investments

• deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders

• filing of financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory insurance accounting practices prescribed or permitted by regulatory authorities

• periodic examinations of the market conduct, financial, and other affairs of insurance companies

The insurance laws of Nebraska that govern the Company's activities provide that the acquisition or change of “control” of a domestic insurer or of any person that controls a domestic insurer cannot be consummated without the prior approval of the Nebraska Department of Insurance (NDOI). A person seeking to acquire control, directly or indirectly, of a domestic insurance company or of any person controlling a domestic insurance company (in the case of Aflac, CAIC and TOIC, the Parent Company) must generally file with the NDOI an application for change of control containing certain information required by statute and published regulations and provide a copy to the Company. In Nebraska, control is generally presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, acquires 10% or more of an insurance company or of any other person or entity controlling the insurance company. The 10% presumption is not conclusive and control may be found to exist at less than 10%. Similar laws apply in New York, the domiciliary jurisdiction of Aflac's New York insurance subsidiary.

State insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the books and records, financial reporting, policy filings and market conduct of insurance companies domiciled in their states, generally once every three to five years. Examinations are generally carried out in cooperation with the insurance departments of other states under guidelines promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC). Beginning in 2024 and concluding in 2025, the NDOI and the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS) conducted full-scope, risk-focused

Item 1. Business

financial examinations on their respective state domiciled insurance entities covering the reporting period January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2023. Additionally, beginning in 2023 and concluding in 2025, the NYSDFS conducted a routine market conduct examination on Aflac New York covering the five-year period ended on December 31, 2022. There were no material findings in any of the NDOI and NYSDFS final examination reports.

NAIC Risk-Based Capital The NAIC continually reviews regulatory matters, such as risk-based capital (RBC) modernization, group capital calculations and liquidity risk assessment. The NAIC uses an RBC formula relating to insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk to facilitate identification by insurance regulators of inadequately capitalized insurance companies based upon the types and mix of risk inherent in the insurer's operations. The formulas for determining the amount of RBC specify various weighting factors that are applied to financial balances or various levels of activity based on the perceived degree of risk. Regulatory compliance is determined by a ratio of a company's regulatory total adjusted capital to its authorized control level RBC as defined by the NAIC. Companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. The levels are company action, regulatory action, authorized control, and mandatory control. See Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7. MD&A for additional information on RBC.

Guaranty Association and Similar Arrangements Under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, the Company is subject to assessments, based on the share of business the Company writes in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. In the U.S., some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. The Company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. In most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.

Federal and State Regulation Federal and state legislation and regulations in several areas, including health care reform legislation, financial services reform legislation, securities regulation, pension regulation, privacy, anti-money laundering, tort reform legislation and taxation, can significantly and adversely affect insurance companies. Certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to Aflac U.S. are outlined below.

• Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act

The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA), federal health care reform legislation, gave the U.S. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. The ACA, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of the Company's insurance products. However, indirect consequences of, or changes to, the legislation and regulations could present challenges that could potentially have an impact on the Company's sales model, financial condition and results of operations. Certain provisions of the ACA have been and may continue to be subject to challenge through litigation, the ultimate effects of which on the ACA are uncertain. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for the risk factor entitled, "Extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth" for additional information.

• Dodd-Frank Act

Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank) and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on the Company's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of Aflac Japan. The Dodd-Frank Act also established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) under the U.S. Department of the Treasury to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance.
