Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) with the ticker symbol “KEYS.” As of December 12, 2025, there were 14,062 shareholders of record. Because many of our shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.

Stock Price Performance Graph

The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year total stockholder return on our common stock relative to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Information Technology Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and in each index on October 31, 2020 (including reinvestment of dividends) was $100 and tracks it each year thereafter on the last day of our fiscal year through October 31, 2025. The historical performance set forth below is not indicative of future stock price performance.

We have not paid any dividends, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. All decisions regarding the declaration and payment of dividends and stock repurchases are at the discretion of our board of directors and will be evaluated regularly in light of our financial condition, earnings, growth prospects, funding requirements, applicable law, and any other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.

The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans will be included under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans” in our proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities

The table below summarizes information about the company’s purchases, based on trade date, of its equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2025. The total number of shares of common stock purchased by the company during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2025 was 2,389,253 shares.

Item 6. [Reserved]

Not applicable.
