ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information

Our ordinary shares trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “STX”.

As of July 29, 2025, there were approximately 447 holders of record of our ordinary shares. We did not sell any of our equity securities during fiscal year 2025 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Performance Graph

The performance graph below shows the cumulative total shareholder return on our ordinary shares for the period from July 3, 2020 to June 27, 2025. This is compared with the cumulative total return of the Dow Jones U.S. Computer Hardware Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (“S&P 500”) over the same period. The graph assumes that on July 3, 2020, $100 was invested in our ordinary shares and $100 was invested in each of the other two indices, w ith dividends reinvested on the date of payment without payment of any commissions. Dollar amounts in the graph are rounded to the nearest whole dollar. The performance shown in the graph represents past performance and should not be considered an indication of future performance.

Dividends

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will be subject to, among other things, general business conditions within the data storage industry, our financial results, the impact of paying dividends on our credit ratings and legal and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by our subsidiaries to us or by us to our ordinary shareholders, including restrictions imposed by covenants on our debt instruments.

Certain Taxation Considerations Under Singapore Law

Dividend distributions by Seagate to its shareholders are not subject to withholding tax, as Singapore currently does not levy a withholding tax on dividend distributions. Additionally, there is no tax on capital gains under current Singapore tax law, and thus any capital gains from disposal of shares are not taxable in Singapore. There is no reciprocal income tax treaty between the United States and Singapore regarding withholding taxes on dividends and capital gains.

Repurchases of Equity Securities

All repurchases are effected as redemptions in accordance with our Constitution.

The following table sets forth information with respect to all repurchases of our ordinary shares made during the fiscal year ended June 27, 2025, including statutory tax withholdings related to vesting of employee equity awards (in millions, except average price paid per share):

(1) For the fiscal year 2025, the total number of shares repurchased is approximately 0.5 million, primarily related to the tax withholding from the vesting of restricted stock units.

(2) The Company’s Board of Directors increased the authorization for the repurchase of its outstanding shares to $5 billion on May 21, 2025.

As of June 27, 2025, $5.0 billion remained available for repurchase under the existing repurchase authorization limit authorized by our Board of Directors.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]
