Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Introduction

We have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. Refer to Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Liquidity and Capital Resources” located in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024, filed on April 23, 2024, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. This MD&A, which should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements, is organized as follows:

Overview. This section provides a general description of our business and brief descriptions of recent goodwill and trademarks impairments, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition, and potential future trends.

Strategy . This section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of a recent development, and significant divestitures, acquisitions, and investments.

Results of operations. This section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. In addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.

Liquidity and capital resources. This section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt, liquidity position, and commitments. Included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the financial capacity available to fund our on-going operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.

Critical accounting policies and estimates. This section identifies accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment, and involve significant management estimates. Our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in Note 1.

Overview

Our internal management financial reporting consists of two business divisions: (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits and we report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. In the Beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer brands and ABAs. We have an exclusive perpetual brand license to produce our Mexican beer portfolio and to import, market, and sell such portfolio in the U.S. In the Wine and Spirits segment, we sell a portfolio that includes higher-end wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. Amounts included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment consist of costs of corporate communications, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy and growth , executive management, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public affairs, as well as our Canopy investment and investments made through our corporate venture capital function . All costs included in the Corporate Operations and Other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. All costs reported within the Corporate Operations and Other segment are not included in our CODM’s evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting.

Goodwill impairment

In connection with continued negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business primarily attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, management updated its Fiscal 2025 outlook and latest financial projections for this reporting unit. Based on the aforementioned factors, we performed an interim quantitative assessment, as of August 31, 2024, and an annual quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment which resulted in a $2,740.7

million total goodwill impairment and the carrying value being written down to zero. This loss from impairment was included in goodwill and intangible assets impairment within our consolidated results for Fiscal 2025. See Notes 7, 8, and 13 for further discussion.

Trademarks impairment

In connection with the assessment of the same events and circumstances that resulted in the wine and spirits goodwill carrying value being written down to zero, we completed a quantitative assessment of our wine trademarks. As a result, we recognized a $57.0 million trademark impairment on certain held for sale wine brands. This loss was included in goodwill and intangible assets impairment within our consolidated results of operations for Fiscal 2025. See Note 7 for further discussion.

Strategy

Our business strategy for the Beer segment focuses on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including the high-end segment, and continuing to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. In Fiscal 2026, we intend to increase distribution for key brands, optimize growth through differentiated brand positioning, price pack architecture, and market prioritization, as well as continue to invest in the next phase of modular capacity additions necessary to support our ongoing growth. Expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue under our Mexico Beer Projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations, and we expect to spend approximately $2 billion over Fiscal 2026 through Fiscal 2028 largely on these activities. See “Capital Expenditures” below. Additionally, we continue to focus on consumer-led innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs.

Our business strategy for the Wine and Spirits segment continues to focus on delivering growth and improving margins beyond Fiscal 2026 by driving our higher-end brands and operating efficiencies. We are repositioning this business to a portfolio of exclusively higher-end wine and spirits brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, including through the recently announced 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction. We remain a key supplier in U.S. 3-tier brick-and-mortar distribution. In addition, we are advancing our aim to become a global, omni-channel competitor in line with evolving consumer preferences as we continue our efforts to progressively expand into international markets, DTC channels (including hospitality), and 3-tier eCommerce. We have a contractual arrangement with Southern Glazer’s Wine and Spirits which consolidated our U.S. distribution and currently represents approximately 60% of our U.S. branded wine and spirits volume.

Marketing, sales, and distribution of our products are primarily managed on a geographic basis allowing us to leverage leading market positions. In addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. Within our primary market in the U.S., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, ABA, and branded wine and spirits categories, with generally separate distribution networks utilized for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. The environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.

We remain committed to our long-term financial model of: growing sales, expanding margins, and increasing cash flow in order to continue to achieve comparable earnings per share growth as well as our target ratios for (i) comparable net leverage and (ii) dividend payout; investing to support the growth of our business; and delivering additional returns to stockholders through periodic share repurchases. Our results of operations and financial condition have been affected by an evolving consumer demand environment largely driven by what we believe to be non-structural socioeconomic factors. These factors include subdued spend, value-seeking behaviors, and reductions in the discretionary income available to purchase our products among consumers, elevated unemployment, changing prices, inflation, other unfavorable global and regional economic conditions, demographic trends in the U.S., global supply chain disruptions and constraints, and geopolitical events, as well as retailer destocking impacting our Wine and Spirits segment.

Recent developments in international trade relations, including significant changes in U.S. trade policy and actions which include threatened, new, and increased tariffs on other countries and retaliatory tariffs and actions

imposed on certain U.S. goods have produced heightened uncertainty with respect to trade and tariff policies and regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, which could continue to alter the global trade environment. For example, the U.S. government has imposed tariffs on product imports from certain countries (such as Mexico, the European Union including Italy, and New Zealand) and certain other countries have implemented tariffs on U.S. goods, such as the tariffs on certain product imports originating from the U.S. imposed by the Canadian government, although some of these tariffs were subsequently modified or delayed.

We expect some or all of these market conditions and their impacts to continue into Fiscal 2026 which could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We intend to continue to monitor the evolving consumer demand and economic environments and their impacts on our business. In addition, we have implemented the 2025 Restructuring Initiative, which is an enterprise-wide cost savings and restructuring initiative designed to help optimize the performance of our business, including through enhanced organizational efficiency and optimized expenditures across our organization. We also intend to continue our commodity and foreign exchange hedging programs. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately respond to softer consumer demand trends or fully mitigate rising costs, including as a result of new or increased tariffs, through increased selling prices, cost savings, productivity, efficiency, and inventory management initiatives, optimized marketing plans, and/or our commodity and foreign exchange hedging programs. Furthermore, to the extent severe weather events that impact our business, such as wildfires, droughts, floods, extreme heat, and/or late frosts, or other weather conditions that constrain purchasing occasions for our consumers, continue to occur or accelerate in future periods, it could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Recent Development

2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction

In April 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to fully divest and, in certain instances, exclusively license the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our remaining mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities for $900 million, subject to certain adjustments. The 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including receipt of required regulatory approval, and is expected to close immediately following the end of our first quarter of Fiscal 2026. We expect to use the net cash proceeds from the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction for general corporate purposes. This transaction supports our strategic focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of our consumers.

The 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction largely resulted in both (i) $879.8 million of wine and spirits net assets being reclassified to held for sale as of February 28, 2025, and (ii) a $478.0 million assets held for sale impairment. The impairment loss was included in assets held for sale impairment within our consolidated results of operations for Fiscal 2025.

For additional information on this transaction, refer to Note 2.

Selected financial information included in our results of operations for the portion of the Wine and Spirits business that we expect will no longer be part of our consolidated results is as follows:

(1) Included in selling, general, and administrative expenses within our consolidated results of operations.

2025 Restructuring Initiative

We have implemented the 2025 Restructuring Initiative which is expected to yield over $200 million in net annualized cost savings by Fiscal 2028. The majority of the work associated with the 2025 Restructuring Initiative is

expected to be completed within Fiscal 2026 and is estimated to result in $80 million to $100 million of cumulative pre-tax costs once all phases are fully implemented. In connection with the 2025 Restructuring Initiative, we recognized $46.9 million of pre-tax employee termination costs and $2.8 million of pre-tax consulting services costs in Fiscal 2025 and we anticipate incurring an additional approximately $40 million of pre-tax consulting services, employee termination, and other costs during Fiscal 2026. The Fiscal 2025 costs were included in selling, general, and administrative costs within our consolidated results. For additional information on the 2025 Restructuring Initiative, see Note 2.

Divestitures, Acquisitions, and Investments

Beer segment

Mexicali Brewery sale

In July 2024, we sold the remaining assets classified as held for sale at the canceled Mexicali Brewery.

Craft Beer Divestitures

In June 2023, we completed the Craft Beer Divestitures. Accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of such craft beer brands through the dates of these divestitures. The Craft Beer Divestitures are consistent with our strategic focus on continuing to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins and enhancements to our results of operations.

Daleville Facility sale

In May 2023, we sold the Daleville Facility in connection with our decision to exit the craft beer business.

Wine and Spirits segment

SVEDKA Divestiture

On January 6, 2025, we sold the SVEDKA brand and related assets, primarily including inventory and equipment. We received $409.2 million of cash proceeds, subject to certain post-closing adjustments, which were used for general corporate purposes, including funding share repurchases, capital expenditures, and repayment of debt. Prior to the completion of the SVEDKA Divestiture, we recorded the results of operations of the SVEDKA brand in the Wine and Spirits segment. For Fiscal 2025, we recognized a $266.0 million net gain in connection with this divestiture which was included in gain (loss) on sale of business within our consolidated results.

Nelson’s Green Brier investment

In October 2024, we purchased the remaining 25% noncontrolling interest in Nelson’s Green Brier, a portfolio of Tennessee-based craft bourbon and whiskey products.

Sea Smoke acquisition

In June 2024, we acquired the Sea Smoke business, including a California-based luxury wine brand, vineyards, and a production facility. This transaction also included the acquisition of goodwill, inventory, and a trademark. The results of operations of Sea Smoke are reported in the Wine and Spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.

These Wine and Spirits segment activities support our strategic focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of our consumers.

Corporate Operations and Other segment

Corporate ventures investments

As of February 28, 2025, August 31, 2024, November 30, 2023, and August 31, 2023, we evaluated certain equity method investments and other securities measured at fair value, made through our corporate venture capital function, and determined there were other-than-temporary impairments due to business underperformance for the respective periods. These losses from impairment and on securities measured at fair value were included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for the respective periods. In October 2023, we exited one of these equity method investments in exchange for a note receivable.

Canopy investment

We have an investment in Canopy, a North American cannabis and CPG company providing medical and adult-use cannabis products, which provides us an investment interest in a business in adjacent categories.

Exchangeable Shares —

In April 2024, we elected to convert our 17.1 million Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares on a one-for-one basis. Additionally, in April 2024, we exchanged C$81.2 million of the principal amount of our 2023 Canopy Promissory Note for 9.1 million Exchangeable Shares and forgave all accrued but unpaid interest together with the remaining principal amount of the note. As a result of these transactions, we (i) have 26.3 million Exchangeable Shares and (ii) recognized an $83.3 million net gain based on the fair value of Exchangeable Shares on the date of the conversion and exchange for Fiscal 2025.

Additionally, as of November 30, 2024, we evaluated the Exchangeable Shares for impairment primarily due to the business and industry factors that led to the decline in Canopy’s common share price since the date of conversion and exchange. We concluded that an impairment did exist and wrote down the Exchangeable Shares to their estimated fair value. Due to the continued decline in Canopy’s common share price, as of February 28, 2025, we evaluated the Exchangeable Shares for an additional impairment. We concluded an impairment did exist, and accordingly, the Exchangeable Shares were written down to their estimated fair value, resulting in a $76.1 million total impairment for Fiscal 2025.

The Exchangeable Share activity for Fiscal 2025 resulted in a total net gain of $7.2 million which was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results.

Canopy Equity Method Investment —

We evaluated our then-existing Canopy Equity Method Investment as of May 31, 2023, and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment. Our conclusion was based on several contributing factors, including: (i) the fair value being less than the carrying value and the uncertainty surrounding Canopy’s stock price recovering in the near-term, (ii) Canopy recorded significant costs in its fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 results designed to align its Canadian cannabis operations and resources in response to continued unfavorable market trends, (iii) the substantial doubt about Canopy’s ability to continue as a going concern, as disclosed by Canopy, and (iv) Canopy’s identification of material misstatements in certain of its previously reported financial results related to sales in its BioSteel Sports Nutrition Inc. reporting unit that were accounted for incorrectly, including the recording of a goodwill impairment during its restated second quarter of fiscal 2023. As a result, the Canopy Equity Method Investment with a $266.2 million carrying value was written down to $142.7 million, its estimated fair value, resulting in a $123.5 million impairment. This loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for Fiscal 2024. We no longer apply the equity method to our investment in Canopy following the April 2024 conversion of our Canopy common shares to Exchangeable Shares.

Other Canopy investments —

In April 2023, we extended the maturity of the remaining C$100.0 million principal amount of our then-existing Canopy Debt Securities by exchanging them for the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note. The fair value of the Canopy Debt Securities was $69.6 million as of February 28, 2023. As of May 31, 2023, we determined that the 2023 Canopy Promissory Note did not have future economic value and, accordingly, the fair value was reduced to zero.

For additional information on these divestitures, acquisitions, and investments, refer to Notes 2, 5, 7, and 10.

Results of Operations

Financial Highlights

References to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of the SVEDKA Divestiture, as appropriate.

Fiscal 2025 compared to Fiscal 2024

• Net sales increased 2% largely due to an increase in Beer net sales driven primarily by shipment volume growth and favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by a decline in organic Wine and Spirits net sales driven primarily by a decrease in branded shipment volume.

• Operating income decreased 89% largely due to (i) the Fiscal 2025 wine and spirits goodwill and wine trademark assets impairments and (ii) an impairment of assets held for sale largely in connection with the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, partially offset by (i) improvements within the Beer segment as the net sales growth and successful execution of cost savings initiatives outpaced higher marketing spend and (ii) a net gain related to the SVEDKA Divestiture.

• Net income (loss) attributable to CBI and diluted net income (loss) per common share attributable to CBI each decreased 105% largely due to the items discussed above, partially offset by (i) a benefit from income taxes as compared to a provision for income taxes for Fiscal 2024, (ii) no longer recognizing equity losses from Canopy’s results following the conversion of our Canopy common shares to Exchangeable Shares, and (iii) a Fiscal 2024 impairment of our then-existing Canopy Equity Method Investment.

Comparable Adjustments

Management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these Comparable Adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. Segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which does not include the impact of these Comparable Adjustments.

As more fully described herein and in the related Notes, the Comparable Adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows:

Cost of product sold

Undesignated commodity derivative contracts

Net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. The net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. At settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.

Strategic business reconfiguration costs

We recognized costs primarily in connection with losses on write-downs of excess inventory resulting from our initiatives to streamline, increase efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure primarily within our Wine and Spirits segment.

Flow through of inventory step-up

In connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. Inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

Restructuring and other strategic business reconfiguration costs

We recognized costs in connection with certain activities, which are intended to streamline, increase efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure primarily within our Wine and Spirits segment, as well as those associated with the 2025 Restructuring Initiative.

Transition services agreements activity

We recognized costs in connection with transition services agreements related to the previous sale of a portion of our wine and spirits business .

Transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs

We recognized costs in connection with our investments, acquisitions, and divestitures.

Insurance recoveries

We recognized business interruption and other recoveries largely related to severe winter weather events. For additional information, refer to Note 16.

Other gains (losses)

We recognized other gains (losses) primarily from (i) a net loss on foreign currency as a result of the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments (Fiscal 2025), (ii) net decreases in estimated fair values of contingent liabilities associated with prior period acquisitions , and (iii) a net loss from changes in the indemnification of liabilities associated with prior period divestitures (Fiscal 2024).

Goodwill and intangible assets impairment

We recognized goodwill and intangible assets impairments in connection with continued negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business primarily attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands. For additional information, refer to Notes 7, 8, and 13.

Assets held for sale impairment

We recognized an impairment largely in connection with the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction. For additional information, refer to Note 2.

Gain (loss) on sale of business

We recognized a net gain (loss) from the (i) SVEDKA Divestiture (Fiscal 2025), (ii) Craft Beer Divestitures (Fiscal 2024), and (iii) sale of the Daleville Facility (Fiscal 2024). For additional information, refer to Note 2.

Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments

We recognized income (loss) primarily from (i) unrealized net losses from the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value, (ii) impairments of certain other equity method investments, (iii) a net gain in connection with Exchangeable Shares (Fiscal 2025), (iv) comparable adjustments to equity in losses from Canopy’s results (Fiscal 2024), and (v) an impairment of our then-existing Canopy Equity Method Investment (Fiscal 2024). For additional information, refer to Notes 7 and 10.

Business Segments

Net sales

(1) Includes an adjustment to remove volumes associated with the Craft Beer Divestitures for the period March 1, 2023, through May 31, 2023.

The increase in Beer net sales is due to (i) $264.2 million of shipment volume growth and (ii) $168.1 million of favorable impact from pricing in select markets, partially offset by $55.1 million of unfavorable product mix primarily from a shift in package types. While our shipment volume growth benefited from continued consumer demand, we believe it was suppressed due to the non-structural socioeconomic factors discussed above. We expect shipment volume to generally align with depletion volume for Fiscal 2026.

(1) Includes adjustments to remove volumes associated with the SVEDKA Divestiture for the period January 6, 2024, through February 29, 2024.

The decrease in Wine and Spirits net sales is due to a $107.7 million decrease in organic net sales and $22.6 million from the SVEDKA Divestiture that are no longer part of our business. The decrease in organic net sales is driven by (i) a $93.5 million decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, (ii) a $30.1 million decrease in non-branded net sales led by a decline in bulk wine sales, and (iii) a $16.1 million decrease from pricing actions in certain markets, partially offset by $29.9 million of higher contractual distributor payments as compared to Fiscal 2024. The decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume is attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, primarily driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, as well as retailer inventory destocking. For Fiscal 2026, we expect depletion volume to outpace shipment volume, most notably during the first quarter.

Gross profit

Gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 52.1% for Fiscal 2025 compared with 50.4% for Fiscal 2024. This increase was largely due to (i) approximately 80 basis points of favorable impact from Beer pricing, (ii) 75 basis points of rate growth from lower cost of product sold within the Beer segment, (iii) a favorable change in Comparable Adjustments, contributing approximately 40 basis points, and (iv) 15 basis points of rate growth from the decline in bulk wine net sales, partially offset by approximately 30 basis points of rate decline resulting from unfavorable product mix within the Wine and Spirits segment.

Selling, general, and administrative expenses

Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 19.1% for Fiscal 2025 as compared with 18.4% for Fiscal 2024. The increase is largely driven by an unfavorable change in Comparable Adjustments, contributing approximately 85 basis points of rate growth, partially offset by approximately 15 basis points of rate decline as the increase in Beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses.

Operating income (loss)

Income (loss) from unconsolidated investments

Interest expense, net

Interest expense, net decreased to $411.4 million for Fiscal 2025 as compared to $436.1 million for Fiscal 2024. This decrease of $24.7 million, or 6%, is largely due to (i) approximately $275 million of lower average borrowings and (ii) an increase in capitalized interest in connection with the Mexico Beer Projects as compared to Fiscal 2024. For additional information, refer to Note 12.

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes

The (provision for) benefit from income taxes increased to $51.7 million for Fiscal 2025 from $(456.6) million for Fiscal 2024. Our effective tax rate for Fiscal 2025 was 62.4% as compared with 20.6% for Fiscal 2024. In comparison to prior year, our effective tax rate was impacted primarily by:

• the net income tax impacts resulting from Fiscal 2025 Wine and Spirits-related impairments including the non-deductible portion of the wine and spirits goodwill impairment; and

• the net income tax expense resulting from (i) the SVEDKA Divestiture and (ii) adjustments to certain other valuation allowances; partially offset by

• a Fiscal 2025 net income tax benefit recognized following the resolution of various tax examinations and assessments related to prior periods.

The OECD introduced a framework under Pillar Two which includes a 15% global minimum tax rate. The current legislation did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We continue to monitor developments for potential future impacts. Additionally, we provide for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries were to be remitted to the U.S., except for those earnings that we consider to be indefinitely reinvested.

For additional information, refer to Note 13.

We expect our reported effective tax rate for Fiscal 2026 to be in the range of 17% to 19%.

Net income (loss) attributable to CBI

Net income (loss) attributable to CBI decreased to $(81.4) million for Fiscal 2025 from $1,727.4 million for Fiscal 2024. This decrease of $1,808.8 million, or 105%, is largely attributable to Fiscal 2025 Wine and Spirits-related impairments, including (i) wine and spirits goodwill, (ii) wine trademarks, and (iii) assets held for sale, partially offset by the (i) benefit from income taxes as compared to a provision for income taxes for Fiscal 2024, (ii) favorable impact from income (loss) from unconsolidated investments, driven by Fiscal 2024 Canopy-related activities, (iii) Fiscal 2025 improvements within the Beer segment, and (iv) the net gain related to the SVEDKA Divestiture.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

General

Our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. Our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow from our operations is one of our most significant financial strengths. It enables us to invest in our people and our brands, make capital investments and strategic acquisitions, provide a cash dividend program, and repurchase shares of our common stock. Our largest use of cash in our operations is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. Historically, we have used this cash flow to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. Additionally, our commercial paper program is used to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. We use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures, among other things.

We seek to maintain adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. Absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and planned capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.

We have an agreement with a financial institution for payment services and to facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program through this participating financial institution. The program is available to certain of our suppliers allowing them the option to manage their cash flow. We are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institution and the suppliers in connection with the program. Our rights and obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. For additional information, refer to Note 16.

Cash Flows

Operating activities

The increase in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of:

The $153.6 million net change in operating assets and liabilities was largely driven by lower accounts payable resulting from beer cost-savings initiatives and the timing of payments as well as higher inventory levels for both the beer and the wine and spirits segments. Certain of our inventory was reclassified to assets held for sale, largely in connection with the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, as of February 28, 2025. Additionally, net cash provided by operating activities was positively impacted by lower Fiscal 2025 income tax payments as compared to Fiscal 2024.

Investing activities

Net cash used in investing activities decreased to $974.8 million for Fiscal 2025 from $1,285.9 million for Fiscal 2024. This decrease of $311.1 million, or 24%, was primarily due to (i) $403.8 million of increased proceeds from the sale of business, driven by the SVEDKA Divestiture, and (ii) $55.0 million of reduced capital expenditures for Fiscal 2025 as compared to Fiscal 2024. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by a $151.2 million increase in business acquisitions, driven by the Sea Smoke acquisition. Business acquisitions and divestitures consist primarily of the following:

For additional information on these acquisitions and divestitures, refer to Notes 2 and 8.

Financing activities

The increase in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists of:

Debt

Total debt outstanding as of February 28, 2025, amounted to $11,497.7 million, a decrease of $381.6 million, or 3%, from February 29, 2024. This decrease consisted of:

Bank facilities

The Company, CB International, the Administrative Agent, and certain other lenders are parties to the 2022 Credit Agreement. The October 2022 Credit Agreement Amendment revised certain defined terms and covenants in the 2022 Credit Agreement and became effective in April 2024 following the (i) amendment by Canopy of its Articles of Incorporation, (ii) conversion of our Canopy common shares into Exchangeable Shares, and (iii) resignation of our nominees from the board of directors of Canopy.

General

The majority of our outstanding borrowings as of February 28, 2025, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2025 to calendar 2050, as follows:

Additionally, we have a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of $2.25 billion of commercial paper. Our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 Credit Agreement. Accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility.

We do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. If the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when commercial paper borrowings mature, we expect to utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 Credit Agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. We do not expect that fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility.

We had the following remaining borrowing capacity available under our 2022 Credit Agreement:

(1) Net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2022 Credit Agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program (excluding unamortized discount) of $808.0 million and $707.7 million as of February 28, 2025 , and April 16, 2025, respectively.

The financial institutions participating in our 2022 Credit Agreement have complied with prior funding requests and we believe they will comply with any future funding requests. However, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.

As of February 28, 2025, we and our subsidiaries were subject to covenants that are contained in our 2022 Credit Agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional subsidiary indebtedness, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions, and thresholds. The financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in our 2022 Credit Agreement. As of

February 28, 2025, under our 2022 Credit Agreement, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.0x.

Our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii) a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.

As of February 28, 2025, we were in compliance with our covenants under our 2022 Credit Agreement and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.

For further discussion and presentation of our borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to Note 12.

Common Stock Dividends

On April 9, 2025, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.02 per share of Class A Stock and $0.92 per share of Class 1 Stock payable on May 15, 2025, to stockholders of record of each class as of the close of business on April 29, 2025. We expect to return approximately $720 million to stockholders in Fiscal 2026 through cash dividends.

While we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, such payments are subject to approval of our Board of Directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K.

Share Repurchase Program

In each of January 2021 and November 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock. The 2021 Authorization was fully utilized during Fiscal 2025, and the 2023 Authorization, of which approximately $1.5 billion remained unused, was canceled during Fiscal 2026. In April 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase of up to $4.0 billion of our publicly traded common stock under the 2025 Authorization, which expires in February 2028 and replaced the 2023 Authorization in its entirety.

During Fiscal 2025, we repurchased 5,252,003 shares of Class A Stock pursuant to the 2021 Authorization and the 2023 Authorization through open market transactions at an aggregate cost of $1,123.8 million, excluding the impact of Federal excise tax owed pursuant to the IRA, or an average cost of $213.98 per share. We used cash on hand, primarily generated by cash flow from operations and proceeds from the SVEDKA Divestiture, to fund our Fiscal 2025 share repurchases. Subsequent to February 28, 2025, we repurchased 494,094 shares of Class A Stock pursuant to the 2025 Authorization at an aggregate cost of $91.7 million, excluding the impact of Federal excise tax owed pursuant to the IRA, through open market transactions. We primarily used cash on hand to pay the purchase price for the repurchased shares.

As of April 23, 2025, total shares repurchased under the 2021 Authorization, the 2023 Authorization, and the 2025 Authorization are as follows:

(1) As of April 23, 2025, $3,908.3 million remains available for future share repurchases, excluding the impact of Federal excise tax owed pursuant to the IRA.

Share repurchases under the 2025 Authorization may be accomplished at management’s discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. Shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. We may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations, proceeds from borrowings, and/or divestiture proceeds. Any repurchased shares will become treasury shares, including shares previously repurchased under the 2021 Authorization, the 2023 Authorization, and the 2025 Authorization.

We currently expect to return $4.0 billion in share repurchases to stockholders over the next three fiscal years, but such repurchases are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under Item 1A. “Risk Factors” of this Form 10-K.

For additional information, refer to Note 17.

Capital Resources

We have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. Absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and planned capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.

The following sets forth information about our outstanding obligations at February 28, 2025. For a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to Notes 11 through 16.

(1) Interest payments on long-term debt do not include interest related to finance lease obligations as amounts are not material.

(2) Other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $264.0 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. In addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. For a detailed discussion of these items, refer to Note 13.

(3) Contracts to purchase equipment and services primarily related to the Mexico Beer Projects. For further information about these purchase obligations, refer to “Capital Expenditures” below.

Capital Expenditures

During Fiscal 2025, we incurred $1,214.1 million for capital expenditures, including $991.5 million for the Beer segment primarily for the Mexico Beer Projects. We plan to spend approximately $1.2 billion for capital expenditures in Fiscal 2026, including approximately $1.0 billion for the Beer segment associated primarily with the Mexico Beer Projects. The remaining planned Fiscal 2026 capital expenditures consist of improvements to existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. Management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current and projected future business needs.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. Estimates are based on historical experience, observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers, and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. We review estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business on an ongoing basis. Certain policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management to determine appropriate assumptions to be used in certain estimates; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. See Note 1 for a description of our significant accounting policies. Our critical accounting estimates include:

• Goodwill and other intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets are classified into three categories: (i) goodwill, (ii) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, and (iii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization. For intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. We may perform a qualitative evaluation prior to a quantitative test to determine if an impairment exists. However, if the results of the qualitative evaluation are inconclusive or suggest an impairment may exist, we must proceed to the quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors, including market conditions, industry changes, actual results as compared to forecasted results, or the timing of recent acquisitions and/or

divestitures. The quantitative test estimates the fair value utilizing assumptions and projections regarding items such as future cash flows, revenues, earnings, and other factors. The factors and assumptions used reflect our estimates and are based on historical trends, projections, and assumptions, including expectations of future economic and competitive conditions that are used in current strategic operating plans; however, these are subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to recognize an impairment loss for these assets. The recognition of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.

We perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of January 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist.

Goodwill – Our reporting units with goodwill include the Beer segment and the Wine and Spirits segment. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2025, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. No indication of impairment was noted for our Beer reporting unit utilizing the qualitative assessment, as the estimated fair value of goodwill exceeded its carrying value.

During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, in connection with continued negative trends within our Wine and Spirits business primarily attributable to our U.S. wholesale market, driven by declines in both the overall wine market and in our mainstream and premium wine brands, management updated its Fiscal 2025 outlook for this reporting unit. The updated forecast indicated it was more likely than not the fair value of the Wine and Spirits reporting unit might be below its carrying value. Accordingly, we performed an interim quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment. This assessment indicated the carrying value of the Wine and Spirits reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, resulting in a $2,250.0 million goodwill impairment. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, we performed our annual impairment analysis and updated our estimate of the Wine and Spirits reporting unit fair value to reflect the latest financial projections and an increase in the discount rate. As a result, we recognized an additional $490.7 million goodwill impairment to write-off the remaining goodwill balance for the Wine and Spirits reporting unit as of February 28, 2025.

When performing a quantitative assessment for impairment of goodwill, we measure the amount of impairment by calculating the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of our reporting units are determined based on the discounted cash flow model. The most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for the Wine and Spirits reporting unit were: (i) a 9% discount rate (for the interim assessment) and a 10% discount rate (for the annual assessment), (ii) a 1.5% expected long-term growth rate, and (iii) the annual cash flow projections.

For Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for either of our reporting units, however, we closely monitored broader industry and market conditions and our expectations for future performance as it related to our wine and spirits goodwill.

Other intangible assets – Our intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. Customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. Using the quantitative assessment, our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method.

In connection with our annual trademark analysis, we performed a qualitative assessment for the imported beer and spirits trademarks and concluded that there were no indications of impairment for these trademark units. We re-evaluated the wine units of account in contemplation of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction and determined it was appropriate to have two reporting

units, (i) held for sale brands and (ii) remaining brands. We performed a quantitative impairment test for the held for sale brands and remaining brands trademark units as certain continued negative trends indicated the fair value may not exceed its carrying value. When using the quantitative assessment, the estimated fair value of the trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method.

The most significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty method to determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with this impairment testing were: (i) a 3% royalty rate (held for sale brands trademark unit) and a 7% royalty rate (remaining brands trademark unit), (ii) an 11% discount rate, (iii) a 1.5% expected long-term growth rate, and (iv) the annual revenue projections. This assessment indicated (i) the carrying value of the held for sale brands trademark unit exceeded its estimated fair value, resulting in a $57.0 million trademark impairment as of February 28, 2025, and (ii) the estimated fair value of the remaining brands trademark unit exceeded its carrying value. We proceeded to perform sensitivities in our impairment testing of the remaining brands trademarks by (i) decreasing the royalty rate 50 basis points, (ii) increasing the discount rate 50 basis points, (iii) decreasing the expected long-term growth rate 50 basis points, and (iv) decreasing the annual revenue projections 100 basis points. None of these sensitivities individually would have resulted in a conclusion that the trademarks in our remaining brands reporting unit were impaired.

We performed quantitative assessments in both Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 for the imported beer, wine, and spirits trademarks. There were no indications of impairment for any of our trademarks for Fiscal 2024. In the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2023, certain continued negative trends within our Funky Buddha and Four Corners craft beer portfolios, including ongoing negative cash flows, resulted in our decision to revise our long-term financial forecasts for these portfolios. Accordingly, the Beer segment’s Funky Buddha and Four Corners craft beer businesses recognized $9.0 million and $4.0 million impairment losses, respectively, in connection with the write-off of their trademark assets. In Fiscal 2024, we completed the Craft Beer Divestitures.

Divestitures – When some, but not all of a reporting unit that constitutes a business is disposed of, some of the goodwill of the reporting unit should be allocated to the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of. The allocation of goodwill is based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit remaining. This approach requires a determination of the fair value of both the business being disposed and the businesses retained within the reporting unit.

For Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2023, o ur estimate of fair value for the SVEDKA Divestiture and the 2022 Wine Divestiture, respectively, were determined based on the expected proceeds from the applicable transaction. The components sold were a part of the Wine and Spirits segment and were included in that reporting unit through the date of divestiture. Goodwill was allocated to the assets based on the relative fair value of the business being sold compared to the relative fair value of the reporting unit. Goodwill not allocated to assets associated with the divestiture remained in the wine and spirits reporting unit.

For additional information on our goodwill and intangible assets refer to Notes 2, 7, 8, 9, and 13.

• Accounting for income taxes. We estimate our deferred tax assets and liabilities, income taxes payable, provision for income taxes, and unrecognized tax benefit liabilities based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of various items of income and expense, interpretation of tax laws, and tax planning strategies. We are subject to income taxes in Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Switzerland, the U.S., and other jurisdictions. We are regularly audited by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, but a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved.

We believe all tax positions are fully supported. We recognize tax assets and liabilities in accordance with the FASB guidance for income tax accounting. Accordingly, we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination

based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. In addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. Changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.

We recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. If necessary, we recognize a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not they will not be realized. We evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The realization of deferred tax assets is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. We believe it is more likely than not the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our existing deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. Changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets will be reflected in our effective tax rate in the period in which they are determined.

Change in Accounting Guidance

Accounting guidance adopted for Fiscal 2025 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. For information on recently adopted accounting guidance and accounting guidance not yet adopted, see Note 1.
