Item 1. Business

Introduction

We are an international producer and marketer of beer, wine, and spirits with operations in the U.S., Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy with powerful, consumer-connected, high-quality brands like Modelo Especial, Corona Extra, Pacifico, Robert Mondavi Winery, Kim Crawford, The Prisoner Wine Company, High West, Casa Noble, and Mi CAMPO. In the U.S., we are one of the top growth contributors at retail among beverage alcohol suppliers. We are also the second-largest beer company and have the #1 beer brand, Modelo Especial, in dollar sales in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our leadership position in the U.S. beer market as the #1 share gainer in the high-end beer segment and the overall U.S. beer market. Within wine and spirits, we have implemented a multi-year strategy to reposition this business to a portfolio of exclusively higher-end brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, aligned to our focus on consumer-led premiumization trends, and we continue to progressively expand our supply channels through DTC and international markets. The strength of our brands makes us a supplier of choice to many of our consumers and our customers, which include wholesale distributors, retailers, and on-premise locations. We conduct our business through entities we wholly own as well as through a variety of joint ventures and other entities.

Our mission is to build brands that people love because we believe elevating human connections is Worth Reaching For. It is worth our dedication, hard work, and calculated risks to anticipate market trends and deliver more for our consumers, stockholders, employees, and industry. This dedication is what has driven us to become one of the fastest-growing, large CPG companies in the U.S. at retail.

Headquartered in Rochester, New York, we are a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1972, as the successor to a business founded in 1945.

Strategy

Our overall strategic vision is to consistently deliver industry-leading total stockholder returns over the long-term through a focus on these key pillars:

• continue building strong brands people love with advantaged routes to market;

• build a culture that is consumer-obsessed and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends;

• deploy capital in line with disciplined and balanced priorities;

• deliver on impactful ESG initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world; and

• empower the whole enterprise to achieve best-in-class operational efficiency.

We will continue to strive for success by ensuring consumer-led decision making drives all aspects of our business; building a strong talent pipeline with best-in-class people development; investing in infrastructure that supports and enables our business, including data systems and architecture; and exemplifying intentional and proactive fiscal management. We place focus on positioning our portfolio on higher-margin, higher-growth categories of the beverage alcohol industry to align with our strategy to address consumer-led premiumization, product, and purchasing trends, which we anticipate will continue to drive faster relative growth rates across beer, wine, and spirits. To continue capitalizing on consumer-led premiumization trends, become more competitive, and grow our business, we have employed a strategy dedicated to organic growth and supplemented by targeted investments and acquisitions. We intend for our multi-year Digital Business Acceleration initiative to enable us to drive results by enhancing our technology capabilities in key areas. In Fiscal 2025, we focused on end-to-end digital supply chain planning, logistics, procurement, and revenue growth management. In Fiscal 2026, we plan to expand this initiative to include consumer insights and analytics. We believe our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet provides a solid financial foundation to support our broader strategic initiatives. As a result of this strategy, we have realized impacts on each segment of our business.

In our beer business, we focus on upholding our leadership position in the U.S. beer market, including the high-end segment, and continuing to grow our high-end imported beer brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. In Fiscal 2026, we intend to increase distribution for key brands, optimize growth through differentiated brand positioning, price pack architecture, and market prioritization, as well as continue to invest in the next phase of modular capacity additions necessary to support our ongoing growth. We remain focused on consumer-led innovation by creating new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats, as well as new to world brands, that are intended to meet emerging needs.

In our wine and spirits business, we continue to focus on delivering growth and improving margins beyond Fiscal 2026 by driving our higher-end brands and operating efficiencies. We have reshaped our portfolio through a series of strategic acquisitions and divestitures to drive our enhanced (and following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, exclusive) focus on higher-end wine and spirits brands that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins, aligned with our strategy to address consumer-led premiumization trends and meet the evolving needs of our consumers. We remain a key supplier in U.S. 3-tier brick-and-mortar distribution. In addition, we are advancing our aim to become a global, omni-channel competitor in line with consumer preferences as we continue our efforts to progressively expand into DTC channels (including hospitality), 3-tier eCommerce, and international markets.

For further information on our strategy, including factors that could impact our future results of operations and/or financial condition, see “Overview” within MD&A.

Divestitures, acquisitions, and investments

In connection with executing our strategy as outlined above, during Fiscal 2025 we completed the following transactions:

For further information about our significant Fiscal 2025, Fiscal 2024, and Fiscal 2023 transactions, refer to (i) “Overview” within MD&A and (ii) Note 2.

Business segments

We report our operating results in three segments: (i) Beer, (ii) Wine and Spirits, and (iii) Corporate Operations and Other. The business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are

allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting.

We report net sales in two reportable segments, as follows:

Beer segment

We are the #1 brewer and seller of imported beer in the U.S. market. We are also the leader in the high-end segment of the U.S. beer market, which includes the imported and ABA categories. We have the exclusive right to import, market, and sell our Mexican beer brands in all 50 states of the U.S., which include the following:

Notable achievements in the U.S. include the following: (i) we had 5 of the top 15 share gaining brands across the total beer category, (ii) Modelo Especial was the best-selling beer overall, (iii) Corona Extra was the second largest imported beer and fifth best-selling beer overall, and (iv) Pacifico and Victoria were the top two fastest growing major imported beer brands.

During Fiscal 2025, we spent nearly $940 million on (i) planned expansions and execution of optimization initiatives and (ii) ongoing construction of the Veracruz Brewery. Expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue at our breweries in Mexico to support expected future business needs. We expect to spend approximately $2 billion over Fiscal 2026 through Fiscal 2028 largely on such activities. We believe these investments allow us the opportunity to further expand our leadership position in the high-end segment of the

U.S. beer market. For further information about our Mexico Beer Projects, refer to (i) “Production” below, (ii) MD&A, and (iii) Note 5.

We are also building on the success of our leading import brand families through our innovation strategy. For example, our Modelo Chelada brands have become an important contributor to our portfolio as the leading chelada in the U.S. beer market. In Fiscal 2025, we continued to build on our successful innovation platform with the launch of new products aligned with our focus on consumer-led premiumization, betterment, and flavor trends, including: (i) two additional pack sizes of Modelo Oro, a light and lower-calorie Mexican beer, to build on its launch in Fiscal 2024, (ii) Modelo Chelada Fresa Picante, a strawberry and chile pepper michelada-style beer, (iii) Modelo Chelada Negra con Chile, our first Modelo Negra chelada flavor launched in select markets, and (iv) Corona Sunbrew, a beer brewed with real citrus peels and a splash of real citrus juice, also launched in select markets. In Fiscal 2026, we launched Corona Sunbrew nationwide.

Wine and Spirits segment

We are a higher-end wine and spirits company in the U.S. market, with a portfolio that we believe will generate higher growth and higher margins. Our wine portfolio is supported by grapes purchased from independent growers, primarily in the U.S. and New Zealand, and vineyard holdings in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. Our wine and spirits are primarily marketed in the U.S. and also sold in Australia, Canada, Italy, New Zealand, and other major world markets.

In the U.S., we had 6 of the 100 top-selling higher-end wine brands, with Kim Crawford achieving the 10 th spot (1) . Some of our well-known wine and spirits brands and portfolio of brands include:

(1) Excludes brands that are part of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, including Meiomi and SIMI, which each ranked in the 100 top-selling higher-end wine brands in the U.S.

In Fiscal 2025, the broader wine category continued to experience deceleration in both the U.S. wholesale and international markets, particularly in the lower price point segments of the category. As a result, we have been actively working to address these continued headwinds. The U.S. wholesale decline was partially offset by muted net sales growth in our international markets and DTC channel, which represented 16% of total Wine and Spirits net sales in Fiscal 2025. We continue to believe that beyond Fiscal 2026 our wine and spirits business will return to net sales growth supported by our continued efforts to better align our portfolio with our focus on broader consumer-led premiumization trends, expand our omni-channel capabilities, and extend into select international markets. In April 2025, we entered into a definitive agreement to fully divest and, in certain instances, exclusively license the trademarks of a portion of our wine and spirits business, primarily centered around our remaining mainstream wine brands and associated inventory, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities. For further information about this transaction, refer to “Recent Development” in MD&A and Note 2.

Corporate Operations and Other segment

The Corporate Operations and Other segment includes traditional corporate-related items including costs of corporate communications, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate strategy and growth, executive management, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, IT, legal, and public affairs, as well as our Canopy investment and investments made through our corporate venture capital function.

For further information regarding net sales and operating income (loss) of our business segments and geographic areas, refer to (i) MD&A and (ii) Note 22.

Marketing and distribution

To focus on their respective product categories, build brand equity, and increase sales, we employ full-time, in-house marketing, sales, and customer service functions for our (i) Beer and (ii) Wine and Spirits segments. These functions engage in a range of marketing activities and strategies, including market research, consumer and trade advertising, price promotions, point-of-sale materials, event sponsorship, on-premise activations, and public relations.

When we advertise our products to consumers, we use a combination of methods to forecast the number of advertising impressions made on individuals at or above the legal drinking age. Through our media placement agencies, we leverage recognized audience measurement services such as Nielsen and ComScore to measure audience composition data on a regular and frequent basis. This data helps us to ensure that our advertising placements are purchased in media outlets and audience buying platforms (i.e., programmatic digital buys) that are primarily targeted toward legal drinking age consumers and, when appropriate, specifically targeted to audiences that are age-verified as of the legal drinking age. Our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing provides the fundamental framework for responsible brand advertising and marketing that helps ensure our messages are directed at legal drinking age consumers.

We are a corporate member of Responsibility.org, a national not-for-profit that aims to empower adults to make a lifetime of responsible alcohol choices. As part of our efforts to promote responsible beverage alcohol consumption, our brand websites redirect a visitor who self-identifies as being under the legal drinking age to Responsibility.org for information on prevention of underage drinking, ending drunk driving, and drinking responsibly.

In the U.S., our products are primarily distributed by wholesale distributors, and we generally use separate distribution networks for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. In addition, in states where the government acts as the distributor, we distribute our products through state alcohol beverage control agencies, which set the retail prices of our products. As is the case with all other beverage alcohol companies, products sold through these agencies are subject to obtaining and maintaining listings to sell our products in that agency’s state. State governments can also affect prices paid by consumers for our products through the imposition of taxes.

Trademarks and distribution agreements

Trademarks are an important aspect of our business. We sell products under a number of trademarks, which we own or use under license. We also have various licenses and distribution agreements for the sale, or the production and sale, of our products and products of others. These licenses and distribution agreements have varying terms and durations.

Within the Beer segment, we have an exclusive sub-license to use trademarks related to our Mexican beer brands in the U.S. This sub-license agreement is perpetual.

Competition

The beverage alcohol industry is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of quality, price, brand recognition and reputation, and distribution strength. Our beverage alcohol products compete with other alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages for consumer purchases, as well as shelf space in retail stores, restaurant presence, and wholesaler attention. We compete with numerous multinational producers and distributors of beverage alcohol products, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our principal competitors include:

Production

As of February 28, 2025, our production capacity at our Mexican breweries was approximately 48 million hectoliters. By the end of Fiscal 2028, we expect to increase our capacity in Mexico to approximately 55 million hectoliters to support the growth of our high-end beer brands through continued expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our Mexican breweries. For further information on these expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities, refer to (i) MD&A and (ii) Note 5.

In the U.S., we currently operate 12 wineries using many varieties of grapes grown principally in the Napa, Sonoma, Monterey, and San Joaquin regions of California as well as the Willamette Valley region of Oregon. Following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, we expect to operate nine U.S. wineries. We also operate two wineries in New Zealand and five wineries in Italy. Grapes are normally harvested and crushed in August through November in the U.S. and Italy, and in February through May in New Zealand and stored as wine until packaged for sale under our brand names or sold in bulk. The inventories of wine are usually at their highest levels during and after the crush of each year’s grape harvest and are reduced as sold throughout the year. We currently operate four distilleries in the U.S. for the production of our spirits. Certain of our wines and spirits must be aged for multiple years. Therefore, our inventories of wines and spirits may be larger in relation to sales and total assets than in many other businesses.

Resources and availability of production materials

The principal components in the production of our Mexican beer brands include water; agricultural products, such as yeast and grains; and packaging materials, which include glass, aluminum, and cardboard.

For our Mexican beer brands, packaging materials are the largest cost component of production, with glass bottles representing the largest cost component of our packaging materials. We aim to reduce operational waste and enhance our use of returnable, recyclable, or renewable packaging.

For Fiscal 2025, the package format mix of our Mexican beer volume sold in the U.S. was as follows:

As part of our long-term beer glass sourcing strategy, we are a partner in an equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois, one of the leading manufacturers of glass containers in the world. The joint venture owns a state-of-the-art Glass Plant adjacent to our Nava Brewery in Mexico. The Glass Plant supplies nearly 60% of the total annual glass bottle supply for our Mexican beer brands. We also have long-term glass supply agreements with other glass producers.

The current Mexican breweries each receive water originating from separate and distinct aquifers. We believe we have adequate access to water to support these breweries’ ongoing requirements, as well as future requirements after the completion of planned expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our breweries. These breweries employ comprehensive water management practices that focus on water efficiency and wastewater treatment operations to reuse water consumed as part of the production process.

The principal components in the production of our wine and spirits products are agricultural products, such as grapes and grain, and packaging materials, primarily glass.

Most of our annual grape requirements are satisfied by grower purchases from each year’s harvest. During Fiscal 2025, we received grapes from approximately 350 independent growers located in the U.S. and 35 independent growers located in New Zealand and Italy. We enter into purchase agreements with a majority of these growers with pricing that generally varies year-to-year and is largely based on then-current market prices.

As of February 28, 2025, we owned or leased approximately 18,000 acres of land and vineyards, either fully bearing or under development, in the U.S., New Zealand, and Italy. This acreage supplied only a small percentage of our overall total grape needs for wine production. However, most of this acreage was used to supply a large portion of the grapes used for the production of certain of our higher-end wines. Following the anticipated completion of the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction, we expect to own or lease approximately 11,400 acres of land and vineyards.

All of our owned and leased vineyards in California routinely adhere to documented water management plans as required by Sustainable Grape Growing Certifications including the California Sustainable Winegrowing Alliance and Fish Friendly Farming. We use the guidance of these plans to identify the designated beneficial use of the water body based on grape growing goals set before the growing season that account for soil types, slopes, irrigation water availability and quality, and energy efficiency.

We believe that we have adequate sources of grape supplies to meet our sales expectations. However, when demand for certain wine products exceeds expectations, we look to source the extra requirements from the bulk wine markets around the world.

The distilled spirits manufactured and imported by us require various agricultural products, neutral grain spirits, and bulk spirits, which we fulfill through purchases from various sources by contractual arrangement and through purchases on the open market. We believe that adequate supplies of the aforementioned products are available at the present time.

We utilize glass and polyethylene terephthalate bottles and other materials such as caps, corks, capsules, labels, and cardboard cartons in the bottling and packaging of our wine and spirits products. After grape purchases, glass bottles are the largest component of our cost of product sold, comprising more than 95% of our package format mix of our wine and spirits portfolio volume sold for Fiscal 2025. In the U.S., the glass bottle industry is highly concentrated with only a small number of producers. We have traditionally obtained, and continue to obtain, our glass requirements from a limited number of producers under long-term supply arrangements. Currently, one producer supplies most of our glass container requirements for our U.S. operations. We have been able to satisfy our requirements with respect to the foregoing and consider our sources of supply to be adequate at this time.

To enhance our use of sustainable packaging, we have activated multiple projects designed to optimize material consumption, decrease packaging weights, and enable reductions in consumer waste.

Government regulations

We are subject to a range of laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. Where we produce products, we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, and may be required to obtain environmental and alcohol beverage permits and licenses to operate our facilities. Where we market and sell products, we may be subject to laws and regulations on brand registration, packaging, labeling, and recycling,

distribution methods and relationships, pricing and price changes, sales promotions, advertising, and public relations. The countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products, in varying amounts. We are also subject to rules and regulations relating to changes in officers or directors, ownership, or control.

We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable governmental laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. We also believe that the cost of administration and compliance with, and liability under, such laws and regulations does not have, and is not expected to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows.

Seasonality

The beverage alcohol industry is subject to seasonality in each major category. As a result, in response to wholesaler and retailer demand which precedes consumer purchases, our beer sales have historically been highest during the first and second quarters of our fiscal year, which correspond to the Spring and Summer periods in the U.S. Our wine and spirits sales have generally been highest during the third quarter of our fiscal year, primarily due to seasonal holiday buying.

Environmental sustainability and CSR

We believe our environmental sustainability and CSR strategies and aspirations enable us to better create and protect value for our business in support of our longer-term business strategy, reflect our Company values, and help address needs that are important to our stockholders, communities, consumers, and employees. We focus on: (i) serving as good stewards of our environment, (ii) investing in our communities, and (iii) promoting responsible beverage alcohol consumption.

As part of our brewery expansion efforts and commitment to making a positive impact on the communities where we operate, we plan to continue working with local authorities and community-based organizations on sustainability initiatives that benefit local residents. Critical local projects are identified through community collaboration and input and guidance from third-party water restoration organizations. This is in addition to other benefits we provide, including local job creation and fueling economic development.

Human capital resources

As of February 28, 2025, we had approximately 10,600 employees, including approximately 1,300 employees through our equally-owned joint venture with Owens-Illinois. The number of employees will change throughout the year, such as when we employ additional workers during the grape crushing seasons, and due to anticipated reductions in connection with the 2025 Wine Divestitures Transaction and the 2025 Restructuring Initiative within Fiscal 2026.

Employee geographic data is as follows:

Approximately 20% of the employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Collective bargaining agreements expiring within one year are minimal. We consider our employee relations generally to be good.

Workforce inclusive culture

To achieve our mission of building brands that people love, we believe it is essential to cultivate a workforce that reflects the consumers and communities we serve. We also believe that building an inclusive culture where all employees can come together and develop strong relationships rooted in mutual understanding, respect, and trust is important to developing a high-performing team, winning with an evolving consumer base, and achieving our strategic ambitions.

Compensation and benefits

We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that meet the needs of our employees. The main components of compensation are: (i) base pay, (ii) long-term incentives dependent on a number of factors such as geographic location, market prevalence, and level which can include restricted stock units, stock options, and performance share units, (iii) short-term incentives, and (iv) recognition awards. Base and incentive compensation is reviewed on an annual basis, seeking to ensure it is competitive in the market and giving employees opportunities to earn more for exceeding expectations. Our total rewards program also offers valuable benefits, tools, and resources designed to help employees stay healthy and well, while achieving security, growth, satisfaction, and success.

Professional development

Building strong talent pipelines, delivering best-in-class people development, and championing professional advancement are key components of our human capital strategy which is designed to position our business for long-term growth. We are committed to offering programs, resources, and experiences that empower employees to grow their careers. The University of Constellation Brands, our learning and development center, allows employees to find opportunities to grow, develop, gain new skills and insights, explore, and expand interests through regularly updated curricula. In Fiscal 2025, we (i) spent over $17 million in development and training costs, including the delivery of six executive, leadership, and other development programs as well as leadership coaching workshops for nearly 350 of our people leaders and (ii) produced approximately 400 matched relationships under our formal career development mentoring program.

Succession planning

We have a comprehensive succession planning process, led by our human resources team and overseen by the Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors. In addition to the Human Resources Committee’s enhanced focus on executive, senior leader, and high-potential employee succession, our full Board of Directors is also involved in Chief Executive Officer succession planning as well as succession and people development for the broader employee population. As part of the succession planning process, we review and discuss potential successors to key roles and examine backgrounds, capabilities, and appropriate developmental opportunities.

Employee engagement

We assess employee engagement through global engagement and targeted pulse surveys, which provide feedback on a variety of topics, such as belonging, teamwork, recognition, enablement, and well-being. During Fiscal 2025, we conducted a company-wide global culture and engagement survey where we had a response rate of 83% and a favorable engagement measurement of 86% across our surveyed population.

Safety

We are committed to ensuring the safety of our employees. Our global EHS policy describes our dedication to providing a safe and healthy working environment and developing and maintaining a culture where all employees take responsibility for their own safety as well as the safety of others while minimizing our impact on the environment in the communities where we live and work. With a focus on continuous improvement, we are developing more robust EHS management systems, strengthening employee awareness and training, and ensuring senior leadership engagement on safety. Work-related injuries resulting from the production of our beer, wine, and spirits products are well below industry average. Our recordable incident rate as compared to the industry average is as follows:

The recordable incident rate is defined as total number of worldwide CBI work-related injuries (cases beyond first aid) per 100 full-time employees. The industry average is calculated by taking the weighted average of the most recent (2022) U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics data for wineries, breweries, and distilleries based on our portfolio mix in February 2025, February 2024, and February 2023 for the years ended February 28, 2025, February 29, 2024, and February 28, 2023, respectively.

Empowering our employees to give back

Giving back to our communities is a value instilled by our founder, Marvin Sands, and remains core to our Company’s DNA. We empower our employees to engage in the communities where they live and work in a variety of ways, including volunteering time and through a charitable matching program available to all U.S. employees.

We match donations ranging from a maximum of $5,000 to $50,000 per year, depending on employee level, to charitable organizations.

Information about our Executive Officers

Executive officers of the Company are generally chosen or elected to their positions annually and hold office until the earlier of their removal or resignation or until their successors are chosen and qualified. Information with respect to our executive officers as of April 23, 2025, is as follows:

Company Information

Our website is https://www.cbrands.com, and our investor relations website is https://ir.cbrands.com. Our filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are accessible free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The SEC maintains a website, https://www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as ourselves, that file electronically with the SEC.

Our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics specifically applies to our chief executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our controller, and is available on our investor relations website. This Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics meets the requirements as set forth in the Exchange Act, Item 406 of Regulation S-K. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all employees, directors, and officers, including each person who is subject to the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Executive Code of Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, together with our Global Code of Responsible Practices for Beverage Alcohol Advertising and Marketing, is available on our website under “Our Policies.” Copies of these materials are available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Stockholders should direct such requests in writing to Investor Relations Department, Constellation Brands, Inc., 50 East Broad Street, Rochester, New York 14614, or by telephoning our Investor Center at 1-888-922-2150.

Our Board of Directors Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Charters of the Board’s Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee (which serves as the Board’s compensation committee), and Corporate Governance, Nominating, and Responsibility Committee are accessible on our investor relations website. Amendments to, and waivers granted to our directors and executive officers under, our codes of ethics, if any, will be posted in this area of our investor relations website.

The information regarding our websites and their content is for your convenience only. The content of our websites is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K or filed with the SEC.
