Item 2. Properties

Operating Facilities

We own our corporate headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia and our information technology headquarters, located in Parsippany, New Jersey. Our primary information technology operations are consolidated in an owned facility in New Jersey.

We own or lease approximately 1,000 package facilities in the U.S., with approximately 90 million square feet of floor space. These facilities have vehicles and drivers stationed for the pickup and delivery of packages, and capacity to sort and transfer packages. Our larger facilities also service our vehicles and equipment, and employ specialized mechanical equipment for the sorting and handling of packages. We own or lease approximately 800 facilities in our international package operations, with approximately 23 million square feet of floor space.

Our aircraft are operated in a hub and spoke pattern in the U.S., with our principal air hub, Worldport, located in Louisville, Kentucky. Our major air hub in Europe is located in Germany, and in Asia we operate multiple major air hubs in China and Hong Kong.

We own or lease approximately 600 facilities, with approximately 50 million square feet of floor space, which support our freight forwarding and logistics operations. This includes approximately 22 million square feet of healthcare-compliant warehousing. We own and operate a logistics campus consisting of approximately 4 million square feet in Louisville, Kentucky.

We also own a number of ancillary properties that support our global operations.

Fleet

Aircraft

The following table shows information about our aircraft fleet as of December 31, 2025:

(1) During the fourth quarter of 2025, we permanently grounded and subsequently retired our MD-11 fleet. For additional information, see note 4 to the audited, consolidated financial statements. We do not expect this action to have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Vehicles

As of December 31, 2025, we operated a global ground fleet of approximately 125,000 package cars, vans, tractors and motorcycles, including approximately 19,000 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles.
