ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

(1) Certain facilities produce products that are reported in multiple segments. For presentation purposes, facilities are reflected in the segment that had the majority of the facility’s production. Additionally, livestock grower farms are excluded.

(2) Capacity per week is not an indication of production rates. Capacity per week is based on the following: Beef and Pork (six day week) and Chicken and Prepared Foods (five day week). Utilization of capacity varies by facility based on the type of products assigned and the level of demand for those products.

Beef

Beef facilities include various phases of harvesting live cattle and fabricating beef products and specialty products. The Beef segment includes four case-ready operations that share facilities with the Pork segment. One of the beef facilities contains a tallow refinery. As described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7: Restructuring and Related Charges, we closed one Beef segment facility during fiscal 2025.

Pork

Pork facilities include various phases of harvesting live hogs and fabricating pork products and specialty products. The Pork segment includes four case-ready operations that share facilities with and are included in the Beef segment in the table above.

Chicken

Our vertically-integrated Chicken operations facilities include processing facilities, rendering facilities, blending mills, feed mills, grain elevators and broiler hatcheries. The Chicken processing facilities include various phases of harvesting, dressing, cutting, packaging, deboning and further-processing. We also have animal nutrition operations, which are associated with the Chicken rendering facilities or within various Chicken processing facilities. The blending mills, feed mills, grain elevators and broiler hatcheries have sufficient capacity to meet the needs of the chicken growout operations. The Chicken segment includes one processing facility that shares a facility with and is included in the Prepared Foods segment in the table above.

Prepared Foods

Our Prepared Foods segment includes processing facilities and a vertically-integrated turkey operation. Our Prepared Foods facilities process fresh and frozen chicken, turkey, beef, pork and other raw materials into ready-to-cook and ready-to-eat sandwiches, sandwich components such as flame-grilled hamburgers and Philly steaks, pizza toppings, raw and processed meats, appetizers, prepared meals, ethnic foods, flour and corn tortilla products and meat dishes. As described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7: Restructuring and Related Charges, we closed two Prepared Foods segment facilities during fiscal 2025.

We own and lease domestic distribution and cold storage facilities that support the supply chains of all our segment operations and are not specifically dedicated to individual segments. As described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 7: Restructuring and Related Charges, during fiscal 2025, we sold multiple Tyson-owned and operated storage facilities which primarily support our Chicken and Prepared Foods segments and leased back the storage facilities for various periods.

Our International/Other foreign production operations in Asia-Pacific, China, and South Korea include 21 chicken processing facilities, three feed mills and one broiler hatchery. The processing facilities include various phases of harvesting, dressing, cutting, packaging, deboning and further-processing.

We believe our present facilities are generally adequate and suitable, have sufficient capacity and are appropriately utilized for our current purposes. Fluctuations in inventories, production and utilization may occur based upon seasonal or other changes in demand for our products. We regularly engage in construction and other capital improvement projects intended to expand capacity and improve the efficiency of our processing and support facilities. We also consider the efficiencies of our operations and may from time to time consider changing the number or type of facilities we operate to align with our capacity needs.
