ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSU ER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. under the trading symbol “PEG.” As of February 20, 2026, there were 43,642 registered holders.

The following graph shows a comparison of the five-year cumulative return assuming $100 invested on December 31, 2020 in our common stock and the subsequent reinvestment of quarterly dividends, the S&P Composite Stock Price Index, the Dow Jones Utilities Index and the S&P Electric Utilities Index.

On February 24, 2026, our Board of Directors approved a $0.67 per share common stock dividend for the first quarter of 2026. This reflects an indicative annual dividend rate of $2.68 per share. We expect to continue to pay cash dividends on our common stock; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of our businesses, alternate investment opportunities, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant.

The following table indicates the securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2025:

The number of shares available for future issuance includes amounts remaining under our 2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2021 LTIP) and 2021 Equity Compensation Plan for Outside Directors and the Employee Stock Purchase Plan and reflect a reduction for non-vested restricted stock units and performance share units (PSUs) (assumed at target payout). The number of shares available for future issuance may be increased or decreased depending on actual payouts for the PSUs based on achievement of targets and is increased by the number of shares that are forfeited, canceled or otherwise terminated without the issuance of shares. For additional discussion of specific plans concerning equity-based compensation, see Item 8. Note 17. Stock Based Compensation.

From time to time, PSEG may repurchase shares to satisfy obligations under equity compensation awards and repurchase shares to satisfy purchases by employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). In November 2025, we entered into a share repurchase plan that complies with Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, solely with respect to the repurchase of shares to satisfy obligations under equity compensation awards and the repurchase of shares to satisfy purchases by employees under the ESPP. The following table indicates our common share repurchases in the open market during the fourth quarter of 2025 to satisfy obligations under equity compensation awards that were issued in 2025 and purchases by employees under the ESPP during 2025.

There are 865,000 additional shares that remain available to be repurchased under the plan to satisfy obligations under equity compensation awards anticipated to be issued in 2026 and purchases anticipated by employees under the ESPP during 2026. The plan expires on the earlier of the completion of all trades under the plan, April 30, 2026, or the occurrence of such other termination events as specified in the plan, including but not limited to termination of the plan.

PSE&G

We own all of the common stock of PSE&G. For additional information regarding PSE&G’s ability to continue to pay dividends, see Item 7. MD&A—Liquidity and Capital Resources.

ITEM 6. [RE SERVED]
