ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES

All of our owned physical property is held by our subsidiaries. We believe that we and our subsidiaries maintain adequate insurance coverage against loss or damage to plants and properties, subject to certain exceptions and deductibles, to the extent such property is usually insured and insurance is available at a reasonable cost. For a discussion of nuclear insurance, see Item 8. Note 12. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities.

PSE&G

Primarily all of PSE&G’s property is located in New Jersey and PSE&G’s First and Refunding Mortgage, which secures the bonds issued thereunder, constitutes a direct first mortgage lien on substantially all of PSE&G’s property. PSE&G’s electric lines and gas mains are located over or under public highways, streets, alleys or lands, except where they are located over or under property owned by PSE&G or occupied by it under easements or other rights. PSE&G deems these easements and other rights to be adequate for the purposes for which they are being used.

Electric Property and Facilities

As of December 31, 2025, PSE&G’s electric T&D system included approximately 25,000 circuit miles and 871,000 poles, of which 64% are jointly-owned. In addition, PSE&G owns and operates 58 switching stations with an aggregate installed capacity of approximately 40,000 megavolt-amperes (MVA) and 238 substations with an aggregate installed capacity of approximately 10,890 MVA. In addition, PSE&G owns four electric distribution headquarters and five electric sub-headquarters.

Gas Property and Facilities

As of December 31, 2025, PSE&G’s gas system included approximately 18,000 miles of gas mains, 12 gas distribution headquarters, two sub-headquarters, and two meter shops serving all of its gas territory in New Jersey. In addition, PSE&G operates 54 natural gas metering and regulating stations, of which 25 are located on land owned by customers or natural gas pipeline suppliers and are operated under lease, easement or other similar arrangement. In some instances, the pipeline companies own portions of the metering and regulating facilities. PSE&G also owns one liquefied natural gas and three liquid petroleum air gas peaking facilities. The daily gas capacity of these peaking facilities (the maximum daily gas delivery available during the three peak winter months) is approximately 2.9 million therms in the aggregate.

Solar

As of December 31, 2025, PSE&G owned 158 MW dc of installed PV solar capacity throughout New Jersey.

PSEG Power

Generation Facilities

As of December 31, 2025, PSEG Power’s share of installed nuclear generating capacity is shown in the following table:

Operated by Constellation Energy Generation, LLC.
