UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

10-K

(Mark One)

[TABLE 001 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

OR

[TABLE 002 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

001-33551

Blackstone Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

[TABLE 003 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

345 Park Avenue

New York , New York 10154

(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)

583-5000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

[TABLE 004 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

☒

☐

No

☒

☐

S-T

☒

☐

non-accelerated

12b-2

[TABLE 005 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

☐

☒

☐

§240.10D-1(b).

☐

12b-2

☐

☒

non-affiliates

742,180,737

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None

[TABLE 006 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Forward-Looking Statements

This report may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations, taxes, earnings and financial performance, share repurchases and dividends. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “indicator,” “believes,” “expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,” “scheduled,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “opportunity,” “leads,” “forecast,” “possible” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We believe these factors include but are not limited to those described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this report, as such factors may be updated from time to time in our subsequent filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report and in our other periodic filings. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

Risk Factor Summary

The following is only a summary of the principal risks that may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The following should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of the risk factors we face, which are set forth more fully in “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors.”

Risks Related to Our Business

[TABLE 007 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 008 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 009 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 010 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 011 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 012 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 013 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 014 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 015 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 016 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 017 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 018 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 019 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 020 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 021 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 022 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 023 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 024 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 025 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 026 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 027 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 028 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure

[TABLE 029 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 030 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 031 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 032 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 033 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

[TABLE 034 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 035 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 036 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In this report, references to “Blackstone,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Blackstone Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

“Series I Preferred Stockholder” refers to Blackstone Partners L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series I preferred stock.

“Series II Preferred Stockholder” refers to Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., the holder of the sole outstanding share of our Series II preferred stock.

“Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or “Holdings Partnerships” refer to Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P., collectively.

“Blackstone Funds,” “our funds” and “our investment funds” refer to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. “Our carry funds” refers to funds managed by Blackstone that have commitment-based multi-year drawdown structures that pay carry on the realization of an investment.

“Our hedge funds” refers to our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, certain of our real estate debt investment funds and certain other credit-focused funds which are managed by Blackstone.

We refer to our separately managed accounts as “SMAs.”

“Total Assets Under Management” refers to the invested and available capital in Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles (including, without limitation, investment funds and SMAs). The Total Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is dependent on the structure and investment strategy of such vehicle and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Total Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable:

[TABLE 037 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 038 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

co-investment

Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Total Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.

Our measurement of Total Assets Under Management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel. Our calculation of Total Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Total Assets Under Management differs from the manner in which affiliated investment advisors report regulatory assets under management and may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles we manage or advise.

“Fee-Earning

Fee-Earning

fee-eligible),

Fee-Earning

fee-paying

Fee-Earning

co-investment

Commitment-based drawdown structured funds generally do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. Certain of our open-ended vehicles generally afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. In our perpetual capital vehicles where

redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days’ notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone’s right to cure.

This report does not constitute an offer of any Blackstone Fund.

Part I.

[TABLE 039 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Overview

Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. We seek to deliver compelling returns for institutional and individual investors by strengthening the companies and assets in which we invest. Our more than $1.3 trillion in Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025 include global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds.

Our businesses use a solutions-oriented approach to drive better performance. We believe our scale, diversified business, long record of investment performance, rigorous investment process and strong client relationships position us to continue to perform well in a variety of market conditions, expand our assets under management, and innovate.

We invest across asset classes on behalf of our investors, including pension funds, insurance companies and individual investors. Our mission is to fulfill our fiduciary duty by creating long-term value for our investors. We aim to do this by strengthening the companies, real estate assets and other investments in our portfolio, equipping them to thrive in the global economy. To the extent our funds perform well, we can support a better retirement for tens of millions of pensioners, including teachers, nurses and firefighters.

As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 5,285 people, including our 268 senior managing directors, at our headquarters in New York and around the world. Our employees are integral to Blackstone’s culture of integrity, professionalism and excellence. We believe hiring, training and retaining talented individuals, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. This record, in turn, has enabled us to innovate into new strategies, drive growth and better serve our investors.

Business Segments

Our four business segments are: (a) Real Estate, (b) Private Equity, (c) Credit & Insurance and (d) Multi-Asset Investing. Information about our business segments should be read together with “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” For more information concerning the revenues and fees we derive from our business segments, see “—Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements.”

Real Estate

Our Real Estate business is a global leader in real estate investing, with $319.3 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. Our Real Estate business operates as one globally integrated business with approximately 785 employees and has investments across the globe, including in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors.

Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) business is geographically diversified and targets a broad range of opportunistic real estate and real estate-related investments. The BREP platform includes global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. BREP seeks to invest thematically in high-quality, well-located assets where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. BREP has made significant investments in logistics, data centers, rental housing, hospitality, office and retail properties around the world, as well as in a variety of real estate operating companies.

non-listed

Our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) platform primarily targets real estate-related debt investment opportunities. BREDS invests in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS’ scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending options for our borrowers and investment options for our investors, including commercial real estate mortgage loans and liquid real estate-related debt securities. The BREDS platform includes high-yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds, capital managed on behalf of our Credit & Insurance segment, and Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (“BXMT”), a NYSE-listed mortgage REIT.

Private Equity

Our Private Equity segment encompasses global businesses with a total of approximately 720 employees managing $416.4 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. Our Private Equity segment includes: (a) Private Equity Strategies (described below), (b) Infrastructure, which includes (1) our infrastructure-focused funds for institutional investors with a primary focus on the U.S. and Europe (Blackstone Infrastructure Partners or “BIP”) and (2) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to our infrastructure capabilities (Blackstone Infrastructure Strategies or “BXINFRA”), (c) our secondaries business (“Secondaries”), which includes Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”) and our GP Stakes business (“Blackstone GP Stakes” or “BXGP”), (d) our capital markets services business (Blackstone Capital Markets or “BXCM”) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individuals exposure to certain of Blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment (Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution or “BTAS”).

Our Private Equity Strategies include: (a) our Corporate Private Equity business (described below), (b) our hybrid capital investment platform that invests flexibly across asset classes, industries and geographies (Blackstone Tactical Opportunities or “Tactical Opportunities”), (c) our life sciences investment platform (Blackstone Life Sciences or “BXLS”), (d) our growth equity investment platform (Blackstone Growth or “BXG”) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to Blackstone’s private equity capabilities (Blackstone Private Equity Strategies Fund or “BXPE”).

Our Corporate Private Equity business consists of: (a) our global private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners or “BCP”), (b) our Asia-focused private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners Asia or “BCP Asia”), (c) our sector-focused funds, including our energy- and energy transition-focused funds (Blackstone Energy Transition Partners or “BETP”) and (d) our core private equity funds (Blackstone Core Equity Partners or “BCEP”).

We are a global leader in private equity investing. Our Corporate Private Equity business pursues transactions across industries on a global basis. It strives to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships and operational support can drive transformation. Corporate Private Equity’s investment strategies and core themes continually evolve in anticipation of, or in response to, changes in the global economy, local markets, regulation, capital flows and geopolitical trends. We seek to construct a differentiated portfolio of investments with a well-defined, post-acquisition value creation strategy. Similarly, we seek investments that can generate strong unlevered returns regardless of entry or exit cycle timing. BCEP pursues control-oriented investments in high-quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to offer a lower level of risk and a longer hold period than traditional private equity.

Tactical Opportunities pursues a thematically driven, hybrid capital investment strategy. Our flexible, global mandate enables us to find differentiated opportunities across asset classes, industries and geographies and invest behind them with the frequent use of structure to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Tactical Opportunities’ ability to dynamically shift focus to the most compelling opportunities in any market environment, combined with the business’ expertise in structuring complex transactions, enables Tactical Opportunities to invest in attractive market areas, often with securities that provide downside protection and maintain upside return.

BXLS invests across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS primarily focuses on investments in life sciences products in late-stage clinical development within the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors.

BXG seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, consumer technology, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors.

BXPE invests primarily in privately negotiated, equity-oriented investments, leveraging Blackstone’s private equity talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative investments diversified across geographies and sectors.

buy-and-hold

partner-led

co-investments

co-investments.

Credit & Insurance

non-investment

sub-advises

non-investment

BXCI is organized into three overarching credit investing strategies: private corporate credit, liquid corporate credit and infrastructure and asset based credit. The private corporate credit strategies include mezzanine and direct lending funds, stressed/distressed strategies and SMAs. The direct lending funds include Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”), Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (“BXSL”), both of which are business development companies (“BDCs”), as well as Blackstone European Private Credit Fund (“ECRED”).

The liquid corporate credit strategies consist of CLOs, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds, systematic strategies and SMAs. The infrastructure and asset based credit strategies include private placement strategies, energy strategies (including our sustainable resources platform) and asset based finance strategies focused on privately originated, income-oriented credit assets secured by physical, financial or residential real estate collateral.

sub-managing

Multi-Asset Investing

Our Multi-Asset Investing segment (“BXMA”) has approximately 240 employees managing $96.2 billion of Total Assets Under Management as of December 31, 2025. BXMA, the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, is a leader in building multi-asset portfolios. BXMA invests across asset classes in both public and private markets aiming to generate compelling risk-adjusted returns.

BXMA is organized into four investment platforms: Absolute Return, Multi-Strategy, Total Portfolio Management and Public Real Assets. Absolute Return manages a broad range of commingled and customized portfolios and aims to generate consistent returns across market environments. Multi-Strategy aims to generate strong risk-adjusted returns through opportunistic, asset-class agnostic investing. Total Portfolio Management manages large-scale total portfolios across asset classes in both public and private markets. The Public Real Assets platform is managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”), which primarily invests in publicly traded energy infrastructure, renewables and master limited partnerships holding midstream energy assets in North America.

Perpetual Capital

Each of our business segments currently includes Perpetual Capital assets under management, which refers to assets under management with an indefinite term, that are not in liquidation and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. We have meaningfully increased our assets under management in such vehicles in recent years, and expect to continue to undertake initiatives to expand further. Perpetual Capital strategies represent a significant and growing portion of our overall business, and the management fees and performance revenues we receive. Perpetual Capital strategies include, without limitation, (a) in our Real Estate segment, certain Core+ real estate vehicles (including BREIT and BEPIF) and BXMT, (b) in our Private Equity segment, BIP, BXPE, BXINFRA and vehicles in GP Stakes, and (c) in our Credit & Insurance segment, BXSL and BCRED. In addition, assets managed for certain of our insurance clients are Perpetual Capital assets under management.

Private Wealth Strategy

high-net-worth

investment strategies, as well as to seek to broaden access to private markets for retirement savers through the defined contribution plan channel. In recent years, capital from the private wealth channel has represented an increasing portion of our Total Assets Under Management, and we expect this trend to continue as we continue to undertake initiatives focused on this market segment.

Investment Process and Risk Management

We maintain a rigorous investment process across all our investment vehicles. Each investment vehicle has investment policies and procedures that generally contain requirements, guidelines and limitations for investments, such as limitations relating to the amount that will be invested in any one investment and the types of assets, industries or geographic regions in which the vehicle will invest, as well as limitations required by law.

Our investment professionals are responsible for identifying, evaluating, underwriting, diligencing, negotiating, executing, managing and exiting investments. For those of our businesses with review committees and/or investment committees, such committees review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. In such businesses, investment professionals generally submit investment opportunities for review and approval by a review committee and/or investment committee, subject to delineated exceptions set forth in applicable investment committee charters or resolutions. Review and investment committees are generally comprised of senior leaders and other senior professionals of the applicable investment business, and in many cases, other senior leaders of Blackstone and its businesses. Considerations that review and investment committees take into account when evaluating an investment may include, without limitation and depending on the nature of the investing business and its strategy, the quality of the business or asset in which the fund proposes to invest, the quality of the management team, likely exit strategies and factors that could reduce the value of the business or asset at exit, the ability of the business in which the investment is made to service debt in a range of economic and interest rate environments, macroeconomic trends in the relevant geographic region or industry and the quality of the businesses’ operations. In addition, certain of our business units maintain their own sustainability policies that address, among other things, sustainability factors applicable to their respective investment strategies. Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular basis by investment and asset management professionals. In addition, our investment professionals and Portfolio Operations professionals work with our portfolio company senior executives to identify opportunities to drive operational efficiencies and growth.

non-proprietary

Structure and Operation of Our Investment Vehicles

high-net-worth

non-U.S.

high-net-worth

as-needed

day-to-day

sub-advise

In addition to having an investment adviser, each investment fund that is a limited partnership, or “partnership” fund, also has a general partner that, apart from partnership funds domiciled in the EEA, generally makes all operational and investment decisions, including the making, monitoring and disposing of investments. Investment vehicles in our Private Wealth Products typically have a board that includes independent directors. In the case of our SMAs, the investor, rather than we, generally holds or has custody of the investments. The investors in our investment funds generally take no part in the conduct or control of the business of the investment funds, have no right or authority to act for or bind the investment funds and have no influence over the voting or disposition of the securities or other assets held by the investment funds. Third-party investors in some of our partnership funds have the right to remove the general partner of the fund or to accelerate the termination of the fund without cause by a majority or supermajority vote. In addition, the governing agreements of many of our partnership funds provide that in the event certain “key persons” in our partnership funds do not meet specified time commitments with regard to managing the fund, then (a) investors in such funds have the

investor-by-investor

Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements

Management Fees

The following is a general description of the management fees earned by Blackstone. Management fees are generally based on an annual rate but payable on a regular basis (typically monthly or quarterly). Management fees received are not subject to clawback.

[TABLE 040 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 041 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 042 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 043 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 044 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 045 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For additional information regarding the management fee rates we receive, see “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition — Management and Advisory Fees, Net.”

Incentive Arrangements

Our incentive arrangements are composed of (a) contractual incentive fees received from certain investment vehicles upon achieving specified cumulative investment returns (“Incentive Fees”), and (b) a disproportionate allocation of the income generated by investment vehicles otherwise allocable to investors upon achieving certain investment returns (“Performance Allocations,” and, together with Incentive Fees, “Performance Revenues”).

In our carry funds, our Performance Revenues consist of the Performance Allocations to which the general partner or an affiliate thereof is entitled, commonly referred to as carried interest. Our ability to generate and realize carried interest is an important element of our business and has historically accounted for a very significant portion of our income.

Carried interest is typically structured as a net profits interest in the applicable fund. In the case of our carry funds, carried interest is generally calculated on a “realized gain” basis, and each general partner (or affiliate) is generally entitled to an allocation of up to 20% of the net realized income and gains (generally taking into account realized and unrealized or net unrealized losses) generated by such fund. Net realized income or loss is not generally netted between or among funds, and in some cases our carry funds provide for allocations to be made on current income distributions (subject to certain conditions).

catch-up

after-tax

pro-rata

In our structures other than carry funds, our Performance Revenues generally consist of performance-based allocations of a vehicle’s net capital appreciation during a measurement period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, high water marks, loss carry forwards and/or other hurdle provisions, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle’s governing agreements. Such allocations are typically realized at the end of the measurement period and, once realized, are typically not subject to clawback or reversal. In particular, our ability to generate and realize these amounts is an important element of our business. Such allocations in certain of our Perpetual Capital strategies contribute a significant and growing portion to our overall revenues.

The following is a general description of the Performance Revenues earned by Blackstone in structures other than carry funds:

[TABLE 046 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 047 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 048 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 049 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 050 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Advisory and Transaction Fees

Some of our investment advisers or their affiliates receive customary fees (for example, acquisition, origination and other transaction fees) upon consummation of their funds’ transactions, and may from time to time receive advisory, monitoring and other fees in connection with their activities. For most of the funds where we receive such fees, we are required to reduce the management fees charged to the funds’ investors by 50% to 100% of such limited partner’s share of such fees.

Capital Invested In and Alongside Our Investment Funds

To further align our interests with those of investors in our investment funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our personnel in the investment funds we sponsor and manage. Minimum general partner capital commitments to our investment funds are determined separately with respect to each of our investment funds and, generally, are less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of any particular fund. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” for more information regarding our minimum general partner capital commitments to our funds. We determine whether to make general partner capital commitments to our funds in excess of the

minimum required commitments based on, among other things, our anticipated liquidity, working capital and other capital needs. In many cases, we require our senior managing directors and other professionals to fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. In other cases, we may from time to time offer to our senior managing directors and employees a part of the funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds. Our general partner capital commitments are funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferral of management fees.

“co-investments”

co-investments.

Competition

The asset management industry is intensely competitive, and we expect it to remain so. We compete both globally and on a regional, industry and sector basis. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including investment performance, transaction execution skills, access to capital, access to and retention of qualified personnel, reputation, range of products and services, innovation and price.

We face competition in the pursuit of institutional and individual investors for our investment funds. Although over time many institutional and individual investors have increased the amount of capital they commit to alternative investment funds, such increases may create increased competition with respect to fees charged by our funds. In the private wealth and insurance channels, the market for capital is highly competitive, requires significant investment and is highly regulated, which could create competitive challenges for us. In addition, competition for fundraising in the private wealth and insurance channels is also driven by the willingness of certain of our competitors to charge lower fees or pay higher or different types of distributors fees.

We also face competition in the pursuit of attractive investment opportunities for our funds. Depending on the investment, we face competition primarily from sponsors managing other funds, investment vehicles and other pools of capital, other financial institutions and institutional investors (including sovereign wealth and pension funds), corporate buyers and other parties. Several of these competitors have significant amounts of capital and many of them have investment objectives similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Some of these competitors may also have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources or other resources that are not available to us, which may create competitive disadvantages for us with respect to investment opportunities. In addition, some of these competitors may have higher risk tolerances, different risk assessments or lower return thresholds, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and to bid more aggressively than us for investments. Corporate buyers may be able to achieve synergistic cost savings with regard to an investment or be perceived by sellers as otherwise being more desirable bidders, which may provide them with a competitive advantage in bidding for an investment.

In all of our businesses, competition is also intense for the attraction and retention of qualified employees. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in our businesses will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain and motivate our existing employees.

For additional information concerning the competitive risks that we face, see “—Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — The asset management business is intensely competitive.”

Sustainability

Our investors have relied on our relentless commitment to excellence for nearly 40 years. Our sustainability efforts are anchored in our goal of generating strong returns for investors to fulfill our fiduciary duty. We have pursued attractive investments in companies and assets that are part of the global energy transition. Our approach includes efforts to help select portfolio companies measure emissions and capture cost savings through energy management. Senior management reports quarterly to our board of directors, which reviews our sustainability strategy, including on the basis of periodic reports from management addressing relevant matters and practices.

At Blackstone, our people are our most valuable asset. We believe teams with a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences contribute to better outcomes. We believe building inclusive workplaces positions us and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including from historically under-tapped talent pools, and foster inclusive cultures that generate lasting value for our investors. See “—Human Capital Management.”

Human Capital Management

Blackstone’s employees are integral to our culture of integrity, professionalism, excellence and cooperation, and the intellectual capital possessed by them is critical to our success.

We believe a workforce reflecting a diverse breadth of backgrounds and experiences makes us better investors and a better firm. Our talent strategy leverages a people-driven framework based on four key pillars: recruiting, talent development, community and inclusion, and accountability. We believe that by focusing on each of these pillars and investing in our people and our culture, we will create an inclusive environment that helps expand our access to the best available talent and drives retention and advancement opportunities for our employees.

To that end, our employee resource groups, which are open to all employees, serve as a platform for our professionals to expand cultural awareness and connect to other employees, including through speaker series, professional development opportunities and social events. We also seek to enable ourselves and our portfolio companies to access a broad pool of qualified talent, including through firm programs aimed at introducing talented undergraduate students to financial services and Blackstone and portfolio programs aimed at helping our portfolio companies access historically under-tapped talent pools.

Our board of directors plays an active role in reviewing our human capital management efforts. To that end, senior management reviews with our board of directors management succession planning and development and other key aspects of our talent management strategy.

Employee and Community Engagement

Blackstone is committed to ensuring our employees are engaged with their work and with their local communities. Blackstone regularly gathers feedback from our employees via internal and/or external surveys to assess employee engagement and satisfaction and develop targeted solutions. Blackstone also supports its employee resource groups in their efforts to expand cultural awareness and connection across the firm.

In addition, the Blackstone Charitable Foundation (“BXCF”) was established in 2007 and is committed to supporting Blackstone’s goal of helping foster economic opportunity and career mobility. This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, which seeks to close the opportunity gap by equipping college and university students with the entrepreneurial skills they need to build lasting careers, and BX Connects, a global program that provides Blackstone employees with the opportunity to support their local communities through volunteering and giving. BX Connects uses the firm’s scale, talent and resources to make grants, develop nonprofit partnerships and create employee engagement opportunities. Nearly 90% of our employees engaged globally with BXCF’s charitable initiatives in 2025.

Talent Acquisition, Development and Retention

We believe the talent of our employees, coupled with our rigorous investment process, has supported our excellent investment record over many years. We hire qualified people, train them and encourage them to work together to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage. Across all our businesses, we face intense competition for qualified personnel.

We seek to attract and retain the brightest minds across a wide spectrum of disciplines and from varied backgrounds and experiences. We believe our reputation, talent development opportunities and compensation make us an attractive employer. We encourage independent thinking and reward initiative while providing training and development opportunities to help our employees grow professionally. In addition, our Respect at Work programs and trainings help maintain an inclusive work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Employee education and training are also critical to maintaining a culture of compliance.

Blackstone offers a wide range of learning and professional development opportunities, both formally and informally, to help employees advance their careers and maximize the value they can add to the global firm. Incoming analyst classes are provided with training that spans their first few years. In addition, our new hires are provided with training and other opportunities to help them thrive in our culture, including through our Culture Program and our Leadership Speaker Series. Blackstone employees are trained or enrolled in compliance training when they start at the firm, and we retrain employees globally at least once annually. Over the course of their careers at Blackstone, employees are offered learning opportunities in a number of areas including leadership and management development and communication skills, among others. We offer a global development curriculum on key capabilities required to succeed at Blackstone, and we partner with external organizations to deliver training programs for our employees. We consistently seek to create visibility and opportunities for talent to take on roles beyond their current positions, and for managers to connect regularly to discuss and match talent with critical roles. These efforts result in cross-pollination of talent that we believe engages our people and generates stronger outcomes for the firm.

non-competition

non-solicitation

— Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

Compensation, Benefits and Wellness

time-off

We believe our current compensation and benefit allocations for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation program. Most of our current senior managing directors and other senior personnel have equity interests in our business that entitle such personnel to cash distributions. See “Part III. Item 11. Executive Compensation — Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program” for more information on compensation of our senior managing directors and certain other employees.

on-demand

on-site

Data Privacy and Security

privacy-by-design

Regulatory and Compliance Matters

Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry generally, are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and in many of the markets in which we operate.

non-U.S.

Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. (“BSP”), a subsidiary through which we conduct our capital markets business and certain of our fund marketing and distribution, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or “FINRA,” and is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Broker-dealers are subject to regulations that cover all aspects of the securities business, including, among others, the implementation of a supervisory control system over the securities business, advertising and sales practices, conduct of and compensation in connection with public securities offerings, maintenance of adequate net capital, record keeping and the conduct and qualifications of employees. In addition, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization subject to oversight by the SEC, adopts and enforces rules governing the conduct, and examines the activities of its member firms, including BSP. State securities regulators also have regulatory oversight authority over BSP.

sub-advise,

sub-advised

sub-advisor

re-investment

FCA-authorized

sub-advisory

Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier

Certain Blackstone operating entities are licensed and subject to regulation by financial regulatory authorities in Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and Singapore: The Blackstone Group Japan K.K., a financial instruments firm, is registered with Kanto Local Finance Bureau and regulated by the Japan Financial Services Agency; The Blackstone Group (HK) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; The Blackstone Group (Australia) Pty Limited and Blackstone Real Estate Australia Pty Limited each holds an Australian financial services license authorizing it to provide financial services in Australia and is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission; and Blackstone Singapore Pte. Ltd. is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.

non-public

co-investment

Our compliance group also monitors the information barriers that we maintain between Blackstone’s businesses. We believe that our various businesses’ access to the intellectual knowledge and contacts and relationships that reside throughout our firm benefits all of our businesses. To maximize that access and related synergies without compromising compliance with our legal and contractual obligations, our compliance group oversees and monitors the communications between groups that are on the private side of our information barrier and groups that are on the public side, as well as between different public side groups. Our compliance group also monitors contractual obligations that may be impacted and potential conflicts that may arise in connection with these inter-group discussions.

In addition, disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting are documented, tested and assessed for design and operating effectiveness in accordance with the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Internal Audit, which independently reports to the audit committee of our board of directors, operates with a global mandate and is responsible for the examination and evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the organization’s governance and risk management processes and internal controls. Internal Audit is designed to improve our firmwide operations through a systematic and disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, internal controls, and governance processes. Internal Audit conducts its audits in accordance with professional standards, and its findings and recommendations are reported to senior management and the audit committee of our board of directors.

non-investment

Additionally, our firmwide valuation committee reviews the valuation process for investments held by us and our investment vehicles, including the application of appropriate valuation standards on a consistent basis. The firmwide valuation committee is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer and is comprised of members of senior management, senior leaders from our businesses and representatives from legal and finance.

Further, the review committees and/or investment committees of our businesses review and evaluate investment opportunities in a framework that includes a qualitative and quantitative assessment of the key risks of investments. See “—Investment Process and Risk Management.”

There are various pending or recently enacted legislative and regulatory initiatives that could significantly affect our business. Please see “—Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business”, “—Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus, could result in additional burdens on our business” and “—Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.”

Available Information, Website and Social Media Disclosure

We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These filings are available to the public over the internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

Form 10-K,

Form 10-Q,

Form 8-K

Us/E-mail

[TABLE 051 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Risks Related to Our Business

Difficult market, economic and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition.

Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. We may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to these conditions and/or events. Such conditions and/or events can adversely affect our business in many ways, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, reducing the value or performance of our funds’ investments and making it more difficult for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments. This could in turn materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. In addition, in the face of a difficult market or economic environment, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability. This may include cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, or terminating the employment of a significant number of our personnel that, in each case, could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance.

mark-to-market

Geopolitical concerns and other global events outside of our control have contributed and may continue to contribute to volatile global equity and debt markets. These concerns and events include, without limitation, trade conflict, civil unrest, threats to national security, and national and international security events (including war, terrorist acts or other hostilities). Geopolitical instability has been prevalent in recent years, and 2025 was a year of significant geopolitical events, including, among others, trade tensions resulting from U.S. tariff implementation and retaliatory tariffs by other countries and ongoing armed conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine.

high-net-worth

A period of economic slowdown, which may occur across one or more industries, sectors or geographies, creates operating performance challenges for certain of our funds’ investments, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.

Despite overall resilience in some geographies, many global economies have in recent years experienced periods of deceleration. Further economic deceleration or contraction in the rate of growth in certain industries, sectors or geographies may contribute to poor financial results for our funds’ portfolio companies or assets, which may result in lower investment returns for our funds. For example, periods of economic weakness have contributed and may in the future contribute to a decline in commodity prices and decreased consumer demand for certain goods and services, and/or volatility in the oil and natural gas markets, each of which would have an adverse effect on our energy and consumer investments. In addition, slowing growth in certain markets and real estate sectors with excess near-term supply, such as life science office and U.S. multifamily, has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact the valuations of assets in such sectors in the near term. In addition, the governing agreements of our funds contain only limited requirements, if any, regarding diversification of fund investments (by, for example, sector or geographic region). Accordingly, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that experience more challenging fundamentals, the impact on our funds may be exacerbated. Further, to the extent our funds’ investments are concentrated in sectors or geographies that have historically experienced strong fundamentals, an adverse shift in such fundamentals may make it more difficult for such funds to replicate their historic performance. For example, our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which has supported strong performance for such funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown or regulatory impediments. This could impact our ability to raise new funds, and adversely impact our operating results and cash flows.

Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.

high-net-worth

In addition, elevated interest rates increase the cost of debt financing for the transactions our funds pursue. A significant contraction or weakening in the market for debt financing or other adverse change relating to the terms of debt financing (such as, for example, higher equity requirements and/or more restrictive covenants), particularly in the area of acquisition financings for private equity and real estate transactions, could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, a portion of the indebtedness used to finance certain fund investments often includes high-yield debt securities issued in the capital markets. Availability of capital from the high-yield debt markets is subject to significant volatility, and there may be times when we might not be able to access those markets at attractive rates, or at all, when completing an investment.

A decline in the pace or size of investments made by our funds may adversely affect our revenues.

The revenues that we earn are driven in part by the pace at which our funds make investments and the size of those investments, and a decline in the pace or the size of such investments may reduce our revenues. In particular, in recent years we have meaningfully increased the number of perpetual capital vehicles we offer and the assets under management in such vehicles. This has also resulted in a substantial amount of capital available for deployment, including in such vehicles, and for which we must identify attractive deployment opportunities. The fees we earn from our perpetual capital vehicles represent a significant and growing portion of our overall revenues. If our funds, including our perpetual capital vehicles, are unable to deploy capital at a sufficient pace, our revenues would be adversely impacted. Many factors could cause a decline in the pace of investment, including a market environment characterized by high prices, the inability of our investment professionals to identify attractive investment opportunities, competition for such opportunities among other potential acquirers, decreased availability of financing on attractive terms or at all or decreased availability of investor capital, including as a result of a challenging fundraising environment or heightened investor requests for repurchases in certain vehicles. A number of our funds have invested and intend to continue to invest in large transactions or transactions that otherwise have substantial business, regulatory or legal complexity and may be more difficult to execute successfully than smaller or less complex investments.

We may also fail to consummate identified investment opportunities because of regulatory or legal complexities or uncertainty and adverse developments in the U.S. or global economy, financial markets or geopolitical conditions. Additionally, our ability to deploy capital in certain countries may be adversely impacted by U.S. and foreign government policy changes and regulations. Any potential time delay associated with approval may make it more difficult for our funds to deploy capital, as well as to exit and realize value from investments.

Further, U.S. and state legislative and regulatory bodies may impose restrictions on private funds’ investments in certain types of assets or industries, which could affect our funds’ ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. For example, certain states have, and others may in the future, increased state regulatory review measures of investments by private equity into the patient-facing healthcare industry. The U.S. Presidential administration issued an executive order in January 2026 seeking to restrict institutional investor ownership of single-family homes, and certain states have considered, and others may seek to enact, legislation aimed at doing so. Such policies and laws may impact the ability of our funds to invest in certain assets or sectors. In addition, the ability to deploy capital in China has been adversely impacted by policies and regulations in the U.S., which may be exacerbated prospectively. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.”

Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues, which may make it difficult for us to achieve steady earnings growth on a quarterly basis and may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

Our revenue, earnings, net income and cash flow can all vary materially due to our reliance on Performance Revenues. We may experience fluctuations in our results, including our revenue and net income, from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors. These include the timing of realizations, changes in the valuations of our funds’ investments, changes in the amount of distributions, dividends or interest paid in respect of investments, changes in our operating expenses and the degree to which we encounter competition. Each of these factors may be impacted by economic and market conditions. Achieving steady growth in net income and cash flow on a quarterly basis may be difficult, which could in turn lead to large adverse movements or general increased volatility in the price of our common stock.

For a number of our perpetual capital vehicles that have in recent years become increasingly large contributors to our earnings, incentive income is paid to us in varying frequencies, ranging from quarterly to every five years. This contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Furthermore, we earn this incentive income only if the net asset value of a vehicle has increased or, in the case of certain vehicles, increased beyond a particular return threshold, or if the vehicle has earned a net profit. Certain of these vehicles also have “high water marks” whereby we do not earn incentive income during a particular period even though the vehicle had positive returns in such period as a result of losses in prior periods. If one of these vehicles experiences losses, we will not earn incentive income from it until it surpasses the previous high-water mark. The incentive income we earn is therefore dependent on the net asset value or the net profit of the vehicle, which could lead to significant volatility in our results.

For our carry funds, we receive Performance Allocations only when investments are realized and achieve a certain preferred return. This also contributes to the volatility of our cash flow. Performance Allocations depend on our carry funds’ performance and opportunities for realizing gains, which may be limited. It takes a substantial period of time to realize the cash value (or other proceeds) of an investment. Even if an investment proves to be profitable, it may be a number of years before any profits can be realized, particularly if market conditions are unaccommodating. We cannot predict when, or if, any realization of investments will occur. In addition, the valuations of, and realization opportunities for, investments made by our funds, could also be subject to high volatility as a result of uncertainty or potential changes to governmental policy with respect to, among other things, tax, trade, immigration, healthcare, labor, infrastructure and energy.

Prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations in respect of realization of a profitable investment, 100% of the proceeds of that investment must generally be paid to the investors in that carry fund until they have recovered certain fees and expenses and achieved a certain return on all realized investments by that carry fund as well as a recovery of any unrealized losses. A particular realization event may have a significant impact on our results for that particular quarter that may not be replicated in subsequent quarters. We recognize revenue on investments in our investment funds based on our allocable share of realized and unrealized gains (or losses) reported by such investment funds. A decline in realized or unrealized gains, or an increase in realized or unrealized losses, would adversely affect our revenue and possibly cash flow. This could further increase the volatility of our quarterly results. Because our carry funds have preferred return thresholds to investors that need to be met prior to our receiving any Performance Allocations, substantial declines in the carrying value of the investment portfolios of a carry fund can significantly delay or eliminate any Performance Allocations paid to us in respect of that fund because the value of the assets in the fund would need to recover to their aggregate cost basis plus the preferred return over time before we would be entitled to receive any Performance Allocations from that fund.

The timing and receipt of Performance Allocations also varies with the life cycle of our carry funds. During periods in which a relatively large portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds and investments in their “harvesting” period, our carry funds would make larger distributions than in the fundraising or investment periods that precede harvesting. During periods in which a significant portion of our assets under management is attributable to carry funds that are not in their harvesting periods, we may receive substantially lower Performance Allocations.

Adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect the amount of cash generated by our businesses, the value of our principal investments, and in turn, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders.

co-investment

If growth of the global economy decelerates, or conditions in the financing markets were challenged, the investment performance of our funds could suffer, resulting in, for example, the payment of decreased or no Performance Allocations to us. This could materially and adversely affect the amount of cash we have on hand, which could in turn require us to rely on other sources of cash. A decrease in the amount of cash we have on hand, or the unavailability of other sources of liquidity, such as debt capital markets or the Revolving Credit Facility, could also materially and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders and make repurchases under our share repurchase program. As a result, our uses of cash may exceed our sources of cash, thereby affecting our liquidity position. In addition, we have made and expect to continue to make significant principal investments in our current and future investment funds. We may lose some or the entire principal amount of these investments, including, without limitation, as a result of poor investment performance in a challenging economic and market environment.

Our business depends in large part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. A failure to raise capital from third-party investors on attractive fee terms or at all, would impact our ability to collect management fees or deploy such capital into investments and potentially collect Performance Revenues, which would materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.

third-party

revenues.” Conversely, in periods of positive market environments and low volatility, investors may favor passive investment strategies such as index funds over our actively managed investment vehicles. Similarly, during periods of high interest rates, investors may favor investments that are generally viewed as producing a risk-free return, such as treasury bonds, over investments in our products, particularly if the spread between the products declines. In addition, certain of our investment vehicles that are available to individual investors are subject to state registration requirements that impose limits on the proportion of such investors’ net worth that can be invested in our products. These restrictions may limit such investors’ ability or willingness to allocate capital to such products and adversely affect our fundraising in the retail channel. In addition, our ability to raise capital from third parties outside of the United States could be limited to the extent that other countries impose restrictions or limitations on outbound foreign investment. A failure to successfully raise capital could materially reduce our revenue and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition.

In connection with raising new funds or making further investments in existing funds, we negotiate terms for such funds and investments with investors. The outcome of such negotiations could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed or funds managed by our competitors, including with respect to management fees, incentive fees and/or carried interest, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues. Such terms could also add additional expenses and obligations for us in managing the fund or increase our potential liabilities, which could ultimately decrease our revenues. In addition, such terms could restrict our ability to raise investment funds with investment objectives or strategies that compete with existing funds, which could adversely impact our ability to expand our assets under management.

co-investment

Although we have no obligation to modify any of our fees with respect to our existing funds, we may experience pressure to do so, including in response to regulatory focus by the SEC on the quantum and types of fees and expenses charged by private funds. We have confronted and expect to continue to confront requests from a variety of investors and groups representing investors to decrease fees, which could result in a reduction in the fees and Performance Revenues we earn.

The asset management business is intensely competitive.

Our asset management business competes with a number of private funds, specialized investment funds, funds structured for individual investors, hedge funds, funds of hedge funds and other sponsors managing pools of capital, as well as corporate buyers, traditional asset managers, commercial banks, investment banks and other financial institutions (including sovereign wealth funds). We expect that competition will continue to increase. For example, certain traditional asset managers have developed their own private equity and private wealth platforms and are marketing other asset allocation strategies as alternatives to hedge fund investments. A number of factors serve to increase our competitive risks:

[TABLE 052 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 053 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 054 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 055 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 056 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 057 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 058 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 059 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 060 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 061 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 062 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 063 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 064 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 065 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 066 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Additionally, technological innovation, including the use of artificial intelligence, has the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, including asset managers, do business. Some of our competitors may be more successful than we are in the development and implementation of new technologies, including services and platforms based on artificial intelligence, to address investor demand or improve operations. If we are unable to adequately advance our capabilities in these areas, or do so at a slower pace than others in our industry, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.

We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Alternatively, we may experience decreased rates of return and increased risks of loss if we match investment prices, structures and terms offered by competitors. Moreover, if we are forced to compete with other

third-party

Regulatory measures aimed at reducing burden on U.S. banks, such as less onerous bank regulatory capital requirements, may create additional competition for certain of our credit strategies. See “—Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.”

These competitive pressures could adversely affect our ability to make successful investments and limit our ability to raise future investment funds, either of which would adversely impact our business, revenue, results of operations and cash flow.

We are increasingly undertaking business initiatives to increase the number and type of investment products we offer to individual investors, which could expose us to new and greater levels of risk.

high-net-worth

non-U.S.

third-party

Accessing individual investors and offering products directed at such investors exposes us to greater levels of risk, including heightened litigation and regulatory enforcement, an increased compliance burden, and more complex administration and accounting operations. We may be subject to claims related to matters such as the adequacy of disclosures, appropriateness of fees, suitability and board of directors’ oversight, each of which could result in civil lawsuits, regulatory penalties and enforcement actions. Our registered investment advisers could also be subject to direct or derivative claims from a fund’s investors or board of directors for alleged mismanagement of the fund. In addition, regulatory requirements imposing limitations on the ability of affiliates of certain of our vehicles to engage in certain transactions may limit our funds’ ability to engage in otherwise attractive investment opportunities.

To the extent distribution of such products is through new channels and markets, including through an increasing number of distributors with whom we engage, we may not be able to effectively monitor or control the manner of their distribution. This could result in litigation or regulatory action against us, including with respect to, among other things, claims that products distributed through such channels are distributed to investors for whom they are unsuitable, claims related to conflicts of interest or the adequacy of disclosure to investors or claims that

the products are distributed in a manner inconsistent with our regulatory requirements or otherwise inappropriate manner. In addition, regulation applicable to our arrangements with such distributors and channels increases the compliance burden associated with onboarding new distributors or pursuing new distribution channels, resulting in increased cost and complexity. Although we engage in due diligence and onboarding procedures that seek to uncover issues relating to the third-party channels through which individual investors access our investment products, we do not control and have limited information regarding many of these third-party channels. Therefore, we are exposed to the risks of reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny and legal liability to the extent such third parties improperly sell our products to investors. This risk is heightened by the continuing increase in the number of third parties that distribute our investment products around the world and that we do not control. For example, in certain cases, we may be viewed by a regulator as responsible for the content of materials prepared by third parties.

Similarly, there is a risk that Blackstone employees involved in the direct distribution of our products, or employees who engage with independent advisors, brokerage firms and other third parties around the world involved in distributing our products, do not follow our compliance and supervisory procedures. In addition, the distribution of such products, including through new channels whether directly or through market intermediaries, could expose us to allegations of improper conduct and/or actions by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and regulators in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. Such allegations or actions may be with respect to, among other things, product suitability, distributor eligibility, investor classification, compliance with securities laws, conflicts of interest and the adequacy of disclosure to investors to whom our products are distributed through those channels.

non-U.S.

distributor-sponsored

Our initiatives to expand our individual investor base, including marketing, creating and maintaining the types of products and vehicles that individual investors may invest in, may not be successful. Such initiatives include the hiring of additional personnel and the implementation of new operational, technological, compliance and other systems and processes, each of which require significant time, effort and resources. Further, in light of the August 2025 Executive Order on Democratizing Access to Alternative Assets for 401(k) Investors, there may be significant future opportunity for the alternative asset management industry to increase the distribution of products to individual investors. Accordingly, we are likely to face significant competition in addressing such opportunity, which will require us to spend substantial time, effort and resources, and may not ultimately be successful in increasing distribution of our products in this channel.

co-founder

co-founder,

our revenues, net income and cash flows and could harm our ability to maintain or grow assets under management in existing funds or raise additional funds in the future. Our senior managing directors and other key personnel possess substantial experience and expertise and have strong business relationships with our investors and other members of the business community. As a result, the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with such parties and result in the reduction of assets under management or fewer investment opportunities.

three-year

long-term

non-competition

non-solicitation

non-competition

We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to maintain this culture, particularly in light of rapid and significant growth in our scale, global presence and employee population, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in U.S. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability.

Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by tax authorities, tax authorities have challenged and could challenge in the future our interpretation of such laws, regulations and treaties or our taking of certain tax positions on the basis of such interpretation. This has and could in the future result in penalties, interest payments and/or additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate.

tax-related

Co-operation

two-pillar

top-up

“side-by-side”

Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs and financial losses, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability of such systems and the data held by such systems. Attacks on our systems could involve, and in some instances have in the past involved, attempts intended to obtain unauthorized access to our proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, or divert or otherwise steal funds, including through the introduction of computer viruses, “phishing” attempts and other forms of social engineering. Attacks on our systems could also involve ransomware or other forms of cyber extortion. Cyberattacks and other data security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Cyberattacks and other security threats could also originate from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders, such as employees, consultants, independent contractors or other service providers.

There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and data security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. In addition, the risk of cyber and data security threats to us is exacerbated with the advancement of artificial intelligence, which malicious third parties are using to create new, sophisticated and more frequent attacks. As an alternative asset management firm, we face a heightened risk of such an attack because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our investors, our funds’ portfolio companies and potential

investments. Measures we take to ensure the integrity of our systems may not provide adequate protection, especially because cyberattack techniques are continually evolving, may persist undetected over extended periods of time, and may not be mitigated in a timely manner to prevent or minimize the impact of an attack on Blackstone, our investors, our portfolio companies or potential investments. If our systems or those of third-party service providers are compromised either as a result of malicious activity or through inadvertent transmittal or other loss of data, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, increased costs, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our counterparties, investment funds or fund investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. The costs related to cyber or other data security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means.

We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. These third-party service providers also face ongoing cybersecurity threats and compromises of their systems. These cybersecurity threats and compromises could occur as a result of threat actors impersonating Blackstone or its employees, including through the use of artificial intelligence technologies. Such technologies could make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. As a result, unauthorized individuals could gain, and in some past instances have gained, access to certain confidential data through third-party service providers. In addition, we could also suffer losses in connection with updates to, or the failure to timely update, the third-party technology platforms on which we rely.

S-P),

third-party

Our funds’ portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, including payment and health information, which in some instances are provided by third parties. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our funds may invest in strategic assets having a national or regional profile or in digital or other infrastructure, the nature of which could expose them to a greater risk of being subject to a terrorist attack or a security breach than other assets or businesses. Such an event may have material adverse consequences on our investment or assets of the same type or may require portfolio companies to increase preventative security measures or expand insurance coverage.

know-how

Rapidly developing and changing global data security and privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage.

third-party

S-P

extra-territorial

third-party

our

Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we and our portfolio companies operate and subject us and our portfolio companies to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs.

Technological developments in artificial intelligence, including machine learning technology and generative artificial intelligence (“AI Technology” and, collectively, “AI Technologies”) and their current and potential future applications, including in the private investment and financial sectors as well as across sectors in which our portfolio companies operate, are rapidly changing. The legal and regulatory frameworks related to such current and potential future applications are also evolving. The full extent of current or future risks related thereto is not possible to predict and we and our portfolio companies may not be able to anticipate, prevent, mitigate or remediate all of the potential risks, challenges or impacts of such changes. AI Technologies could significantly disrupt the business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and markets in which we operate. Similarly, AI Technologies could significantly disrupt our portfolio companies’ businesses and markets. This could subject us and our portfolio companies to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs, and adversely impact our or our portfolio companies’ growth prospects. These impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Advancements in computing and AI Technologies, including efficiency improvements, without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies, could also negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, digital infrastructure assets, a sector to which certain of our investment strategies have significant exposure.

AI-powered

third-party

non-public

third-party

Technology-related

Regulations related to AI Technologies may also impose on us certain obligations and costs related to monitoring and compliance. Regulators are increasing scrutiny of, and enacting or considering enacting regulations regarding, the use of AI Technologies, including the use of “big data,” diligence of data sets and oversight of data vendors. The use of AI Technologies by us and our vendors may require compliance with legal and regulatory frameworks that are not fully developed or tested, and we may face litigation and regulatory actions related to our use of, or our engagement of vendors that use, AI Technologies. In April 2023, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission released a joint statement on artificial intelligence demonstrating interest in monitoring the development and use of automated systems and enforcement of their respective laws and regulations. In October 2023, an executive order established new standards for AI safety and security. In addition to the U.S. regulatory framework, the EU adopted the Artificial Intelligence Act in 2024, which applies to certain AI Technologies and the data used to train, test and deploy them, which may create additional compliance burdens, higher administrative costs and significant penalties should we fail to comply or be perceived to fail to comply.

Extensive regulation of our businesses affects our activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties. The possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens on our business.

self-regulatory

cease-and-desist

broker-dealer

non-public

In recent years, the SEC has proposed, and in some instances, adopted, a number of rules related to private funds and private fund advisors that impact our business and operations, including by increasing our operational and compliance costs to comply effectively. The SEC and other of our regulators can be expected to continue to propose rules that impact our operations, including by increasing compliance burdens and costs, enhancing the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, and imposing limitations on our operations or investing activities.

We regularly are subject to requests for information, inquiries and informal or formal investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities, with which we routinely cooperate, and which have included review of historical practices that were previously examined. Such investigations have previously and may in the future result in penalties and other sanctions. SEC actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results, including as a result of the imposition of a sanction, a limitation on our or our personnel’s activities, or changing our historic practices. Even if an investigation or proceeding did not result in a sanction, or the sanction imposed against us or our personnel by a regulator were small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation, proceeding or imposition of these sanctions could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients. In addition, certain states and other regulatory authorities have required investment managers to register as lobbyists, and we have registered as such in a number of jurisdictions. Other states or municipalities may consider similar legislation or adopt regulations or procedures with similar effect. These registration requirements impose significant compliance obligations on registered lobbyists and their employers, which may include annual registration fees, periodic disclosure reports and internal recordkeeping.

We are subject to scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our reputation.

sector-specific

return-driven

sustainability-related

third-party

non-pecuniary

sustainability-related

time-consuming.

sustainability-related

third-party

sustainability-related

climate-

sustainability-related

lower-carbon

Climate and sustainability-related regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. For example, in recent years the EU has adopted and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”), the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (“SFDR”) and its corresponding Taxonomy Regulation, and the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”), while the U.K. has implemented rules for its Sustainability Disclosure Requirements and investment

U.K.-law

climate-related

weather-

climate-related

In addition, our reputation and fundraising may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our limited partners or stockholders, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change or, conversely, are focusing on climate change in a way that is inconsistent with our fiduciary duty obligations, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by our funds, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. Moreover, we face business trends related to climate change risks, such as, for example, the increased attention to sustainability considerations by our fund investors, including in connection with their determination of whether to invest in our funds. See “—We are subject to scrutiny from regulators, elected officials, stockholders, investors and other stakeholders with respect to sustainability matters, which may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors, constrain capital deployment opportunities for our funds and harm our reputation.”

Financial regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect our business.

self-regulatory

Dodd-Frank

“Dodd-Frank

Dodd-Frank

206(4)-5

In addition, the SEC’s “Regulation Best Interest” imposes a “best interest” standard of care for broker-dealers when recommending certain securities transactions to a customer. Regulation Best Interest requires such broker-dealers to evaluate available alternatives, including those that may have lower expenses and/or lower investment risk than our investment funds. The continued regulatory focus on Regulation Best Interest may negatively impact whether certain broker-dealers and their associated persons are willing to recommend investment products, including certain of our funds, to retail customers, which may adversely impact our ability to distribute our products to certain investors. Furthermore, the U.S. Department of Labor as well as several states have proposed regulations or taken other actions pertaining to conduct standards for investment advisers and broker-dealers that may result in additional requirements related to our business. Additionally, the SEC has instituted and settled multiple actions against investment advisers for violating its 2022 amended marketing rule, which imposed more prescriptive requirements on fund marketing.

The potential for governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform may create regulatory uncertainty for our investment strategies, may make it more difficult to operate our business, and may adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.

Governmental policy and/or legislative changes and regulatory reform could make it more difficult for us to operate our business, including by impeding fundraising or making certain investments or investment strategies unattractive or less profitable. In addition, our ability to identify business and other risks associated with new investments depends in part on our ability to anticipate and accurately assess regulatory, legislative and other changes that may have a material impact on our funds’ investments. Anticipating policy changes and reforms may be particularly difficult during periods of heightened partisanship at the federal, state and local levels, including due to the divisiveness surrounding populist movements, political disputes and socioeconomic issues. The failure to accurately anticipate the possible outcome of such changes and/or reforms could have a material adverse effect on the returns generated from our funds’ investments and our revenues.

so-called

In addition, the FSOC has the authority to designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important financial institutions (“SIFIs”) subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Currently, there are no nonbank financial companies with a nonbank SIFI designation. The FSOC has, however, designated certain nonbank financial companies as SIFIs in the past, and additional nonbank financial companies, which may include large asset management companies such as us, may be designated as SIFIs in the future. If we were designated as a nonbank SIFI, including as a result of our asset management or nonbank lending activities, we could become subject to direct supervision by the Federal Reserve Board, and could become subject to enhanced prudential, capital, supervisory and other requirements, such as risk-based capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements, resolution plan and credit exposure report requirements, concentration limits, a contingent capital requirement, enhanced public disclosures, short-term debt limits and overall risk management requirements. Requirements such as these, which were designed to regulate banking institutions, would likely need to be modified to be applicable to an asset manager, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be adapted for asset managers.

In addition, future reviews by the FSOC of nonbank financial companies for designation as SIFIs may focus on other types of products and activities, such as nonbank lending activities conducted by certain of our businesses. If any of our activities were identified by the FSOC as posing potential risks to U.S. financial stability, such activities could be subject to modified or enhanced regulation or supervision by U.S. regulators with jurisdiction over such activities, although no proposals have been made indicating how such measures would be applied to any such identified activities.

Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.

In recent years, the U.S. government has taken substantial actions with respect to international trade policy, including seeking to renegotiate certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements and treaties with foreign countries. The U.S. government has also imposed, and may in the future impose further, tariffs on certain foreign goods, such as steel and aluminum, from various countries, including China, Canada and Mexico. Some foreign governments, including China, Canada, and Mexico, have threatened or instituted retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S. goods. In February 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that many of the tariffs recently imposed by the U.S. government exceeded its authority, thereby invalidating many, but not all, of such tariffs. Subsequent to the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling, the U.S. Presidential administration raised potential alternative means through which the administration could impose tariffs and subsequently imposed a global tariff under a different law. The outlook on further trade policy actions, including trade agreements and potential retaliatory tariffs is unclear. Increased tariffs on goods imported from China, Canada, Mexico and other countries could further increase, costs, decrease margins and reduce the competitiveness of products and services offered by our portfolio companies. This has and could further adversely impact the revenues and profitability of select companies that have substantial sales of physical goods in the U.S. or whose businesses rely on goods imported from countries that are subject to significant tariffs. Further governmental actions related to the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers or changes to international trade agreements or policies in respect of other jurisdictions could also have a similar adverse impact.

The U.S. has also implemented a number of economic sanctions programs and export controls that specifically target Chinese entities and nationals on national security grounds, including, for example, with respect to China’s response to political demonstrations in Hong Kong and China’s conduct concerning the treatment of Uyghurs and other ethnic minorities in its Xinjiang province. Moreover, the U.S. has implemented additional sanctions against entities participating in China’s military industrial complex and providing support to the country’s military, intelligence, and surveillance apparatuses. These sanctions impose certain restrictions on U.S. persons and entities buying or selling publicly traded securities of these designated entities. Further escalation of the “trade war” between the U.S. and China, the countries’ inability to reach further trade agreements, or the continued use of reciprocal sanctions by each country, may negatively impact opportunities for investment as well as the rate of global growth, particularly in China, which has and continues to exhibit signs of slowing growth. Such slowing growth could adversely affect the revenues and profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.

There is uncertainty as to further actions that may be taken under the current U.S. Presidential administration with respect to U.S. trade policy, including in response to the U.S. Supreme Court’s February 2026 ruling. See “—Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.”

Our provision of products and services to insurance companies subjects us to a variety of risks and uncertainties.

non-investment

sub-manages

high-quality,

high-performing

long-term

capital-efficient

non-U.S.

cease-and-desist

standard-setting

Non-U.S.

non-U.S.

Insurance company investment portfolios are often subject to internal and regulatory requirements governing the categories and ratings of investment products and assets they may acquire and hold. Many of the investment products and strategies we originate or develop for, or other assets or investments we include in, insurance company portfolios will be rated and a ratings downgrade or any other negative action by a rating agency or the

risk-based

re-ratings

asset-based

We rely on complex exemptions from statutes in conducting our asset management activities.

third-party

Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.

Similar to the United States, our business and operations in the jurisdictions outside the United States, in particular Europe, are subject to extensive laws and regulation. Governmental regulators and other authorities in Europe have proposed or implemented a number of initiatives, rules and regulations that could adversely affect our business, including by imposing additional compliance and administrative burdens and increasing the costs of doing business in such jurisdictions. Increasingly, the rules and regulations in the financial sector in Europe are becoming more prescriptive. Rules and regulations in other jurisdictions are often informed by key features of U.S. and European rules and regulations and, as a result, our businesses in all jurisdictions, including across Asia, may become subject to increased regulation in the future.

over-the-counter

sustainability-related

Laws and regulations on foreign direct investment applicable to us and our funds’ portfolio companies, both within and outside the U.S., may make it more difficult for us to deploy capital in certain jurisdictions or to sell assets to certain buyers.

non-controlling

non-U.S.

In August 2023, an executive order established an outbound investment screening regime (the “Outbound Order”), which was intended to regulate or prohibit certain investments by U.S. persons in advanced technology sectors in jurisdictions that may be designated as a “country of concern.” In January 2025, the current U.S. Presidential administration signed an Annex to the Outbound Order that identified China, along with the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau, as a “country of concern.” Similarly, in February 2025, the U.S. Presidential administration issued a memorandum to various regulatory agencies regarding enhanced restrictions

non-U.S.

Our funds’ investments outside of the United States may face delays, limitations, or restrictions as a result of notifications made under and/or compliance with these legal regimes and rapidly changing agency practices. Other countries continue to establish and/or strengthen their own national security investment clearance regimes, which could have a corresponding effect of limiting our ability to make investments in such countries. Heightened scrutiny of foreign direct investment worldwide may also make it more difficult for us to identify suitable buyers for investments upon exit and may constrain the universe of exit opportunities for an investment in a portfolio company. As a result of such regimes, we may incur significant delays and costs, be altogether prohibited from making a particular investment or impede or restrict syndication or sale of certain assets to certain buyers, all of which could adversely affect the performance of our funds and in turn, materially reduce our revenues and cash flow. Complying with these laws imposes potentially significant costs and complex additional burdens, and any failure by us or our funds’ portfolio companies to comply with them could expose us to significant penalties, sanctions, loss of future investment opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm.

We are subject to substantial risk of litigation and regulatory proceedings and may face significant liabilities and damage to our reputation as a result of allegations of improper conduct and negative publicity.

From time to time we, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies have been and may be subject to litigation, including class action lawsuits by stockholders, or those that challenge or attempt to enjoin our acquisition or sale transactions. For a discussion of certain legal proceedings to which we are a party, see “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — 18. Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Litigation.” Any private lawsuits or regulatory actions brought against us and resulting in a finding of substantial legal liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, such actions, even if resulting in a favorable outcome to us, could result in significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business.

third-party

In addition, to the extent investors in our investment funds suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment funds, our senior managing directors or our affiliates under the federal securities law and/or state law. While the general partners and investment advisers to our investment funds, including their directors, officers, other employees and affiliates, are generally indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to their conduct in connection with the management of the business and affairs of our investment funds, such indemnity does not extend beyond as permitted by law or to actions determined to have involved fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct. The activities of our capital markets services business may also subject us to the risk of liabilities to our clients and third parties, including our clients’ stockholders, under securities or other

high-caliber

Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm. Fraud, deceptive practices or other misconduct at portfolio companies or service providers could similarly subject us to liability and reputational damage and also harm performance.

Our employees could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. We are subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. The violation of these obligations and standards by any of our employees would adversely affect our clients and us. Our business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to companies in which we may invest. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose confidential information, we could suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position and current and future business relationships. Detecting or deterring employee misconduct is not always possible, and the extensive precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases.

We are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended (“FCPA”), as well as anti-money laundering laws. Any determination that we have violated the FCPA, the EU and U.K. anti-money laundering regimes, the U.K. anti-bribery and anti-fraud laws or other applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-fraud or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to, among other things, civil and criminal penalties or material fines, profit disgorgement, injunctions on future conduct, securities litigation and a general loss of investor confidence. Any one of these could adversely affect our business prospects, financial position or the price of our common stock. Such laws have attracted significant regulatory focus in recent years, including outside of the U.S. For example, the SEC will be responsible for examining investment advisers’ compliance with a U.S. Department of Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (“FinCEN”) rule currently scheduled to go into effect January 2028 that requires certain investment advisers and to, among other measures, adopt an anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism (“AML/CFT”) program, file certain reports with FinCEN and to maintain records related to such activities. The application of these rules would impose significant compliance costs on us. The EU and the U.K. are similarly revising and expanding their respective anti-money laundering regimes. While we have policies and procedures designed to ensure strict compliance by us and our personnel with the FCPA and anti-money laundering and other applicable laws, such policies and procedures may not be effective in all instances to prevent violations. In addition, other asset managers, particularly those who, unlike us, are not subject to the anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws of multiple jurisdictions, may have anti-corruption or anti-money laundering policies that provide such managers access to investment opportunities that may not be available to us because of our current policies and procedures.

anti-bribery,

anti-fraud,

anti-discrimination

non-U.S.

Poor performance of our investment funds would cause a decline in our revenue, income and cash flow, may obligate us to repay Performance Allocations previously paid to us, and could adversely affect our ability to raise capital for future investment funds.

In the event that any of our investment funds were to perform poorly, our revenue, income and cash flow would decline because the value of our assets under management would decrease, which would result in a reduction in management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the Performance Revenues we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on our investments of our own principal as a result of poor investment performance by our investment funds. Furthermore, if a carry fund does not achieve certain investment returns over its life as a result of poor performance of later investments, we will be obligated to repay the excess Performance Allocations that were previously distributed to us above the amount to which the relevant general partner is ultimately entitled. Similarly, certain of our vehicles’ terms require an offset of Performance Revenues related to past performance, often referred to as a “recoupment of loss carryforward.” If a recoupment of loss carryforward is triggered, including as a result of a meaningful decline in the vehicle’s revenues following a period of strong performance, such offset would serve to reduce the amount of future Performance Revenues to which we would be entitled in such vehicle. In the event that the offset is insufficient for the vehicle to fully recoup such loss carryforward, we may be required to make a cash payment after a certain period.

Poor performance of our investment funds could make it more difficult for us to raise new capital. Investors in funds might decline to invest in future investment funds we raise and investors in hedge funds or other investment funds might withdraw their investments as a result of poor performance of the investment funds in which they are invested. Investors and potential investors in our funds continually assess our investment funds’ performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future investment funds and avoid excessive redemption levels will depend on our investment funds’ continued satisfactory performance. Accordingly, poor fund performance may deter future investment in our funds and thereby decrease the capital invested in our funds and ultimately, our management fee revenue. Alternatively, in the face of poor fund performance, investors could demand lower fees or fee concessions for existing or future funds which would likewise decrease our revenue.

Furthermore, our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines or business, and, from time to time, we may pursue new or different investment strategies and expand into geographic markets and businesses that may not perform as expected and result in poor performance by us and our investment funds. In addition to the risk of poor performance, such activity may subject us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (a) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk, (b) the diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses, (c) known or unknown contingent liabilities, which could result in unforeseen losses for us and our funds, (d) the disruption of ongoing businesses, (e) the ability to properly manage conflicts of interest and (f) compliance with additional regulatory requirements.

Our equity investments and some of our debt investments rank junior to investments made by others, exposing us to a greater risk of losing our fund’s investment.

In many cases, the companies in which our funds invest will have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our fund’s investment. By their terms, such instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of distributions, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our fund’s investment. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which an investment is made, holders of securities ranking senior to our fund’s investment would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our fund’s investment. In addition, debt investments made by our funds in our portfolio companies may be equitably subordinated to the debt investments made by third parties in our portfolio companies. After repaying senior security holders, the company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our fund’s investment. To the extent any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our fund’s investment would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Under such circumstances, the ability of our funds to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect their investments during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency may be limited, exposing them to a greater risk of losing their investment.

The historical returns attributable to our funds should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our funds or of our future results or of any returns expected on an investment in common stock.

The historical and potential future returns of the investment funds that we manage are not directly linked to returns on our common stock. Therefore, any continued positive performance of the investment funds that we manage will not necessarily result in positive returns on an investment in our common stock. However, poor performance of the investment funds that we manage would cause a decline in our revenue from such investment funds, and would therefore have a negative effect on our performance and in all likelihood the returns on an investment in our common stock. Moreover, with respect to the historical returns of our investment funds:

[TABLE 067 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 068 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 069 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 070 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 071 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 072 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

10-K,

Certain policies and procedures implemented to mitigate potential conflicts of interest and address certain regulatory requirements may reduce the synergies across our various businesses.

non-public

Our failure to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in our asset management business could damage our reputation and adversely affect our businesses.

co-investment

vice-versa.

non-compliance

We may also cause different funds to invest in a single portfolio company, for example where the fund that made an initial investment no longer has capital available to invest. We may also cause different funds that we manage to purchase different classes of securities in the same portfolio company. For example, one of our CLO funds could acquire a debt security issued by the same company in which one of our private equity funds owns common equity securities. A direct conflict of interest could arise between the debt holders and the equity holders if such a company were to develop insolvency concerns, and we would have to carefully manage that conflict.

non-public

third-party

co-investment

co-investments.

co-

co-investment

co-investor

co-investment

co-investor’s

co-investment

co-investments.

co-investment

co-investors

co-investment

co-investors).

co-investment

Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be subject to a significant degree of subjectivity and judgment, and the fair value of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds and the reduction of Management Fees and/or Performance Revenues.

Our investment funds make investments in illiquid investments or financial instruments for which there is little, if any, market activity. We determine the value of such investments and financial instruments on at least a quarterly basis based on the fair value of such investments as determined in accordance with GAAP. The fair value of such investments and financial instruments is generally determined using a primary methodology and corroborated by a secondary methodology. Methodologies are used on a consistent basis and described in Blackstone’s and the investment funds’ valuation policies and governing agreements.

The determination of fair value using these methodologies takes into consideration a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, comparable market transactions, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. These valuation methodologies involve a significant degree of subjective management judgment. For example, as to investments that we share with another sponsor, we may apply a different valuation methodology or factors or derive a different value than such other sponsor on the same investment. In addition, the valuations of our private investments may at times differ significantly from the valuations of publicly traded companies in similar sectors or with similar business models.

For example, our private investments do not have observable market prices and valuations of such investments may take into account certain long-term financial projections or estimates, including those prepared by the management of a portfolio company or other investment. Such projections or estimates may not materialize and are based on significant judgments and assumptions at the time they are developed and may not be available to the public. Valuations of publicly traded companies, on the other hand, are based on the observable price in the reference market which are generally subject to a higher degree of market volatility. These differences and the potential exercise of our subjective judgment might cause some investors and/or regulators to question our valuations or methodologies, which may be particularly exacerbated for funds with monthly or daily valuations. There can be no assurance that our policies will address all necessary valuation factors or completely eliminate potential conflicts of interest in such determinations. The SEC continues to focus on issues related to valuation of private funds, including consistent application of the methodology, disclosure, and conflicts of interest. Further, variation in the underlying assumptions, estimates, methodologies and/or judgments we use in the determination of the value of certain investments and financial instruments could potentially produce materially different results. Valuation methodologies may also change from time to time. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Critical Accounting Policies” for an overview of our fair value policy and the significant judgment required in the application thereof.

Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in an investment fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained by us on behalf of the investment fund when such investments are realized. Realizations at values lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in prior fund net asset values would result in reduced gains or losses for the applicable fund, a decline in certain asset management fees and the reduction in potential Performance Revenues. Changes in values of investments from quarter to quarter may result in volatility in our investment funds’ net asset values, fees from those funds and the results of operations and cash flow that we report from period to period. Further, a situation where asset values turn out to be materially different than values reflected in prior funds’ net asset values could cause investors to lose confidence in us, which in turn could result in difficulty raising additional funds or redemptions from funds where investors hold redemption rights.

Our use of borrowings to finance our business exposes us to risks.

We use borrowings to finance our business operations as a public company and facilitate growth and expansion of our businesses, including warehousing investments for our funds. We have numerous outstanding notes with various maturity dates as well as other borrowings, including under the Revolving Credit Facility and in connection with such warehousing. As our borrowings mature, we will be required to refinance or repay such borrowings. In order to do so, we may enter into a new facility, use asset based financing arrangements or issue new notes, each of which could result in higher borrowing costs. We may also issue equity, which would dilute existing stockholders. Further, we may choose to repay such borrowings using cash on hand, cash provided by our continuing operations or cash from the sale of our assets, each of which could reduce the amount of cash available to facilitate the growth and expansion of our businesses, make repurchases under our share repurchase program and pay dividends to our stockholders, operating expenses and other obligations as they arise.

In order to obtain new borrowings, or to extend or refinance existing borrowings, we are dependent on the willingness and ability of financial institutions such as global banks to extend credit to us on favorable terms or at all, and on our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, which can be volatile. There is no guarantee that such financial institutions will continue to extend credit to us or that we will be able to access the capital markets to obtain new borrowings or refinance existing borrowings when they mature. In addition, the use of leverage to finance our business exposes us to the types of risk described in “—Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.”

We or our funds have and may in the future also enter into “margin loans” whereby we or our funds borrow money from a bank and pledge the equity of the underlying portfolio company or real estate asset as collateral for the loan. The use of margin borrowings results in certain additional risks to the borrower. For example, should the securities pledged to brokers to secure our margin borrowings decline in value, we or our funds could be subject to a “margin call,” pursuant to which we or our funds must either deposit additional funds or securities with the broker, or suffer mandatory liquidation of the pledged securities to compensate for the decline in value. In the event of a sudden drop in the value of our assets, we or our funds might not be able to liquidate assets quickly enough to satisfy margin requirements. See “Part II. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Sources and Uses of Liquidity” for further information regarding our outstanding borrowings.

Dependence on significant leverage in investments by our funds could adversely affect our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on those investments.

Many of our funds’ investments rely heavily on the use of leverage, and our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. For example, in many private equity and real estate investments, indebtedness may constitute as much as 70% or more of a portfolio company’s or real estate asset’s total debt and equity capitalization, including debt that may be incurred in connection with the investment. The absence of available sources of sufficient senior debt financing for extended periods of time could therefore materially and adversely affect our private equity and real estate businesses. Furthermore, limits on the deductibility of corporate interest expense could make it more costly to use debt financing for our acquisitions or otherwise have an adverse impact on the cost structure of our transactions, and could therefore adversely affect the returns on our funds’ investments.

In addition, an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those businesses’ investments. See “—Sustained periods of high interest rates and challenging debt market conditions negatively impact the values of certain assets or investments and the ability of our funds and their portfolio companies to access capital markets, which could adversely affect investment and realization opportunities, lead to lower-yielding investments and potentially decrease our net income.”

Investments in highly leveraged entities are inherently more sensitive to declines in revenues, increases in expenses and interest rates and adverse economic, market and industry developments. The incurrence of a significant amount of indebtedness by an entity could, among other things:

[TABLE 073 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 074 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 075 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 076 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 077 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

As a result, the risk of loss associated with a leveraged entity is generally greater than for companies with comparatively less debt.

When our funds’ existing portfolio investments reach the point when debt incurred to finance those investments matures in significant amounts and must be either repaid or refinanced, those investments may materially suffer if they have generated insufficient cash flow to repay maturing debt and there is insufficient capacity and availability in the financing markets to permit them to refinance maturing debt on satisfactory terms, or at all. If a limited availability of financing for such purposes were to persist for an extended period of time, when significant amounts of the debt incurred to finance our private equity and real estate funds’ existing portfolio investments came due, these funds could be materially and adversely affected.

credit-focused

-

Any of the foregoing circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.

The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments by our funds may not reveal all facts and issues that may be relevant in connection with an investment.

third-party

We may be unable to consummate or successfully integrate development opportunities, acquisitions or joint ventures that we pursue.

We may from time to time seek to engage in selective development or acquisition of asset management businesses or other businesses complementary to our business where we think we can add substantial value or generate substantial returns. We may not be able to identify or consummate such opportunities, including due to competition for such opportunities, our ability to accurately value such opportunities and the need to negotiate acceptable terms, and obtain requisite approvals and licenses from the relevant governmental authorities, for such opportunities. Moreover, even if we are able to identify and successfully complete an acquisition, we may encounter unexpected difficulties or incur unexpected costs associated with integrating and overseeing the operations of the new businesses.

We and our affiliates have reported in the past and may be required to report in the future specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities.

The Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (“ITRA”) requires companies subject to SEC reporting obligations under Section 13 of the Exchange Act to disclose in their periodic reports specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other individuals and entities targeted by certain OFAC sanctions, including, by way of example, the Russian Federal Security Service, engaged in by the reporting company or any of its affiliates during the period covered by the relevant periodic report. In some cases, ITRA requires companies to disclose these types of transactions even if they were permissible under U.S. law, including companies that are or may be at the time considered our affiliates. We do not independently verify or participate in the preparation of these disclosures. We have been in the past and may be in the future be required to separately file with the SEC a notice when such activities have been disclosed in our periodic reports, and the SEC is required to post such notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the President and certain U.S. Congressional committees. The President thereafter is required to initiate an investigation and, within 180 days of initiating such an investigation, determine whether sanctions should be imposed. Disclosure of such activity, even if such activity is not subject to sanctions under applicable law, and any sanctions actually imposed on us or our affiliates as a result of these activities, could harm our reputation and have a negative impact on our business, and any failure to disclose any such activities as required could additionally result in fines or penalties.

Our asset management activities involve investments in relatively illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time.

-

We make investments in companies that are based outside of the United States, which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the United States.

non-U.S.

[TABLE 078 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 079 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 080 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 081 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 082 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 083 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 084 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 085 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 086 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 087 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 088 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 089 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 090 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 091 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In addition, investments in companies that are based outside of the United States may be negatively impacted by restrictions on international trade or the imposition of tariffs (and any resulting reciprocal tariffs), which have been an area of focus for the current U.S. Presidential administration. See “—Trade negotiations and related government actions may create regulatory uncertainty for our funds’ portfolio companies and our investment strategies and adversely affect the profitability of our funds’ portfolio companies.”

We may not have sufficient cash to pay back “clawback” obligations if and when they are triggered under the governing agreements with our investors.

after-tax

50-70%

pro-rata

Investors in a number of our vehicles may withdraw their investments, and investors in certain of our vehicles may have a right to terminate our management of, or cause the dissolution of, such vehicles, which would lead to a decrease in our revenues.

We have a number of vehicles that permit investors in such vehicles to withdraw their investments and/or terminate our management of such capital, as applicable and in certain cases, subject to certain limitations. Investors in our hedge funds may generally redeem their investments on a periodic basis following, in certain cases, the expiration of a specified period of time when capital may not be withdrawn, subject to the applicable fund’s specific redemption provisions. In addition, in many of our other open-ended and/or perpetual capital vehicles,

including those that are available to individual investors, investors may request redemptions or repurchases of their interests on a periodic basis, subject to certain limitations. During periods of market volatility, investor subscriptions to such vehicles are likely to be reduced, and investor redemption or repurchase requests are likely to be elevated, which may negatively impact the fees we earn from such vehicles. Investor subscriptions to certain of such vehicles have also at times been, and may in the future be, reduced, and investor redemptions or repurchase requests elevated, in the face of negative media or public sentiment with respect to the asset classes of such vehicles. In addition, in a declining market, our liquid or semi-liquid vehicles have and may continue to experience declines in value, which may be provoked and/or exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Investors may also seek to redeem their interests due to changes in interest rates that make other investments more attractive, rebalancing of their asset allocations, changes in investor perception of us and our reputation, unhappiness with a fund’s performance or investment strategy, departures or changes in responsibilities of key investment professionals, and liquidity needs.

To the extent appropriate and permissible under a vehicle’s constituent documents, we have previously and may in the future limit or prorate redemptions or repurchases in such vehicle for a period of time. This has, and may in the future, make such vehicles less attractive to investors and negatively impact subscriptions to such vehicles for a period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on the revenues we derive from such vehicles. For example, market volatility drove a material increase in BREIT repurchase requests beginning in late 2022, and pursuant to the terms of the vehicle, BREIT began to prorate such requests beginning in November 2022. BREIT inflows also materially declined after proration was announced, which led to net outflows in BREIT. The inclusion of redemption features in investment vehicles creates heightened risk of operational error, including with respect to the calculation of net asset values, which could expose us to increased risk of litigation, regulatory action and reputational damage.

In addition, we currently manage a significant portion of investor assets through separately managed accounts whereby we earn management and/or incentive fees, and we intend to continue to seek additional separately managed account mandates. The investment management agreements we enter into in connection with managing separately managed accounts on behalf of certain clients may be terminated by such clients on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In addition, the boards of directors of the investment management companies we manage could terminate our advisory engagement of those companies, on as little as 30 days’ prior written notice. In the case of any such terminations, the management and incentive fees we earn in connection with managing such account or company would immediately cease, which could result in a significant adverse impact on our revenues.

third-

investor-by-investor

In addition, because our investment funds have advisers that are registered under the Advisers Act, an “assignment” of the management agreements of our investment funds (which may be deemed to occur in the event these advisers were to experience a change of control) would generally be prohibited without consent of the investment fund, which may require investor consent. We cannot be certain that consents required for assignments of our investment management agreements will be obtained if a change of control occurs, which could result in the termination of such agreements and the corresponding loss of revenue. In addition, with respect to our 1940 Act registered funds, the continuance of each investment fund’s investment management agreement generally must be approved annually by the fund’s board of directors, including independent members of such fund’s board of directors and, in certain cases, by its stockholders, as required by law. Termination of these agreements would cause us to lose the fees we earn from such investment funds.

Third-party investors in our investment funds with commitment-based structures may not satisfy their contractual obligation to fund capital calls when requested by us, which could adversely affect a fund’s operations and performance.

We depend on investors in our carry funds (and certain of our hedge funds) to fulfill their capital commitments in order for those funds to consummate investments, and otherwise pay their obligations (for example, management fees) when due. A default by an investor may also limit a fund’s availability to incur borrowings and avail itself of what would otherwise have been available credit. We have not had investors default on capital calls to any meaningful extent. Third-party investors in carry funds typically use distributions from prior investments to meet future capital calls. In cases where valuations of investors’ existing investments fall and the pace of distributions slows, investors may be unable to make new commitments to third-party managed investment funds such as those advised by us. If investors were to fail to satisfy a significant amount of capital calls for any particular fund or funds, the operation and performance of those funds could be materially and adversely affected.

Risk management activities may adversely affect the return on our funds’ investments.

When managing our exposure to market risks, we may (on our own behalf or on behalf of our funds) from time to time use forward contracts, options, swaps, caps, collars and floors or pursue other strategies or use other forms of derivative instruments to limit our exposure to changes in the relative values of investments that may result from market developments, including changes in prevailing interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The use of derivative financial instruments and other risk management strategies may not be properly designed to hedge, manage or otherwise reduce the risks we have identified. In addition, we may not be able to identify, or may not have fully identified, all applicable material market risks to which we are exposed. We may also choose not to hedge, in whole or in part, any of the risks that have been identified. The success of any hedging or other derivatives transactions generally will depend on our ability to correctly predict market changes, the degree of correlation between price movements of a derivative instrument, the position being hedged, the creditworthiness of the counterparty and other factors, some of which may be beyond our ability to hedge. As a result, while we may enter into a transaction in order to reduce our exposure to market risks, the unintended market changes may result in poorer overall investment performance than if it had not been executed. Such transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the value of a hedged position increases.

While such hedging arrangements may reduce certain risks, such arrangements themselves may entail certain other risks. These arrangements may require the posting of cash collateral at a time when a fund has insufficient cash or illiquid assets such that the posting of the cash is either impossible or requires the sale of assets at prices that do not reflect their underlying value. In addition, if our derivative counterparties or clearinghouses fail to meet their obligations with respect to the posting of cash collateral, our efforts to mitigate certain risks may be ineffective. Moreover, these hedging arrangements may generate significant transaction costs, including potential tax costs, that reduce the returns generated by a fund.

Finally, the regulation of derivatives and commodity interest transactions in the United States and other countries is a rapidly changing area of law and is subject to ongoing modification by governmental and judicial action. Newly instituted and amended regulations could significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral, which could negatively impact available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks, reduce our ability to restructure our existing derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. Furthermore, the CFTC may in the future require certain foreign exchange products to be subject to mandatory clearing, which could increase the cost of entering into currency hedges.

Certain of our investment funds may invest in securities of companies that are experiencing significant financial or business difficulties, including companies involved in bankruptcy or other reorganization and liquidation proceedings. Such investments are subject to a greater risk of poor performance or loss.

Business enterprises in certain of our investment funds, especially our credit-focused funds, may be involved in or experience work-outs, liquidations, spin-offs, reorganizations, bankruptcies and similar transactions and may purchase high-risk receivables. An investment in such business enterprises entails the risk that the transaction in which such business enterprise is involved either will be unsuccessful, will take considerable time or will result in a distribution of cash or a new security the value of which will be less than the purchase price to the fund of the security or other financial instrument in respect of which such distribution is received. In addition, if an anticipated transaction does not in fact occur, the fund may be required to sell its investment at a loss. Investments in troubled companies may also be adversely affected by U.S. federal and state laws relating to, among other things, fraudulent conveyances, voidable preferences, lender liability and a bankruptcy court’s discretionary power to disallow, subordinate or disenfranchise particular claims. Investments in securities and private claims of troubled companies made in connection with an attempt to influence a restructuring proposal or plan of reorganization in a bankruptcy case may also involve substantial litigation. Because there is substantial uncertainty concerning the outcome of transactions involving financially troubled companies, there is a potential risk of loss by a fund of its entire investment in such company. Adverse publicity and investor perceptions, whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may also decrease the value and liquidity of securities rated below investment grade or otherwise adversely affect our reputation.

co-investors

Investments by our funds in the power and energy industries involve various operational, construction, regulatory and market risks.

start-up

Our power and energy sector portfolio companies may also face construction risks typical for power generation and related infrastructure businesses. Such developments could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Delays in the completion of any power project may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher operation and maintenance costs related to such portfolio company.

non-conventional

In addition, the performance of the investments made by our credit and equity funds in the energy and natural resources markets are also subject to a high degree of market risk, as such investments are likely to be directly or indirectly substantially dependent upon prevailing prices of oil, natural gas and other commodities. Oil and natural gas prices are subject to wide fluctuation in response to factors beyond the control of us or our funds’ portfolio companies, including relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, the level of consumer product demand, weather conditions, climate change initiatives, governmental regulation (including with respect to trade and economic sanctions), the price and availability of alternative fuels, political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, foreign supply of such commodities and overall domestic and foreign economic conditions. These factors make it difficult to predict future commodity price movements with any certainty.

Our funds’ investments in real estate and infrastructure assets, including digital infrastructure, may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of such assets.

Investments in real estate and infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the development and ownership of real assets. For example:

[TABLE 092 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 093 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 094 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 095 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 096 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In addition, real estate and infrastructure investments are subject to extensive laws and regulations, including the risk of changes thereto. In real estate, we have seen an increased focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the U.S. and Europe. Such regulation has contributed to adverse operating performance in certain parts of our residential real estate portfolio, including by moderating rent growth in certain geographies and markets. With respect to infrastructure assets, services provided by such assets may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. In addition, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments. Infrastructure investments also often involve an ongoing commitment to municipal, state, federal or

foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Such licenses, concessions, leases or contracts may also be terminated for convenience without adequate compensation. Further, many of our funds’ infrastructure investments are in critical infrastructure sectors, such as transportation systems, energy and digital infrastructure, which are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. Such requirements are likely to expand our compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks.

Our real estate and infrastructure funds have in recent years substantially increased their exposure to digital infrastructure investments, which, in addition to being subject to many of the risks outlined above, are subject to additional risks. The increase in exposure to digital infrastructure has supported strong performance for our real estate and infrastructure funds. Such performance would be difficult to replicate if demand for digital infrastructure were substantially reduced, including as a result of economic slowdown, regulatory impediments or changes in the needs or strategies of a relatively small number of key customers on behalf of which our funds have undertaken development. Digital infrastructure demand is highly concentrated in a small number of large counterparties. Such concentration makes the value of digital infrastructure assets particularly susceptible to the risk of financial distress, consolidation or change in capital and expenditure trends of a single or small number of tenants. Digital infrastructure requires significant upfront and ongoing capital expenditure for land, power, construction and equipment, as well as access to reliable power sources, which may be constrained in key markets. An increase in the price of such inputs can increase build and operating costs and reduce the profitability of such investments. The inability to access sufficient power could constrain our ability to develop land acquired for digital infrastructure or to deliver the levels of power required by tenants, each of which could negatively impact the value of our funds’ investments. Given the long-term nature of many of the tenant leases at our funds’ digital infrastructure assets, a prolonged period of high interest rates could also negatively impact the valuation of such assets to the extent the contractual rent escalators in such leases are insufficient to offset increased costs. In addition, advancements in computing and AI Technologies, including efficiency improvements (without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies), as well as technological changes that render existing data center designs less competitive or require significant redevelopment, could negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, our digital infrastructure assets. The digital infrastructure sector is also highly competitive, with pressure from various data center operators and hyperscalers building their own facilities. In addition, digital infrastructure assets have recently faced and continue to face increasing opposition from local communities and organizations. These factors may make it more difficult to deploy additional capital and continue to grow our investments in the sector.

Our funds’ investments in the life sciences industry may expose us to increased risks.

Investments by BXLS may expose us to increased risks. For example,

[TABLE 097 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 098 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 099 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 100 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks.

credit-focused,

[TABLE 101 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 102 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 103 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 104 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 105 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 106 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 107 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 108 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

We are reliant on third-party service providers for certain aspects of our business, and are subject to risks in using prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents.

third-party

cloud-based

third-party

Many of our funds depend on the services of prime brokers, custodians, counterparties, administrators and other agents, including to carry out certain securities and derivatives transactions. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex, and many of these arrangements occur in markets or relate to products that are subject to limited or no regulatory oversight. Some of our funds utilize prime brokerage arrangements with a relatively limited number of counterparties, which has the effect of concentrating the transaction volume (and related counterparty default risk) of these funds with these counterparties. Our funds are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. Any such default may occur suddenly and without notice to us. Moreover, if a counterparty defaults, we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either because we lack contractual recourse or because market conditions make it difficult to take effective action. This inability could occur in times of market stress, which is when defaults are most likely to occur.

In addition, our risk management process may not accurately anticipate the impact of market stress or counterparty financial condition, and as a result, we may not have taken sufficient action to reduce our risks effectively. Default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect, foresee or evaluate. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one large participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants, which may in turn expose us to significant losses. Although we have risk management processes to ensure that we are not exposed to a single counterparty for significant periods of time, given the large number and size of our funds, we often have large positions with a single counterparty. For example, most of our funds have credit lines. If the lender under one or more of those credit lines were to become insolvent, we may have difficulty replacing the credit line and one or more of our funds may face liquidity problems.

In the event of a counterparty default, particularly a default by a major investment bank or a default by a counterparty to a significant number of our contracts, one or more of our funds may have outstanding trades that they cannot settle or are delayed in settling. As a result, these funds could incur material losses and the resulting market impact of a major counterparty default could harm our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under certain local clearing and settlement regimes in Europe, we or our funds could be subject to settlement discipline fines. See “—Complex regulatory regimes and potential regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect our business.”

In the event of the insolvency of a prime broker, custodian, counterparty or any other party that is holding assets of our funds as collateral, our funds might not be able to recover equivalent assets in full as they will rank among the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s unsecured creditors in relation to the assets held as collateral. In addition, our funds’ cash held with a prime broker, custodian or counterparty generally will not be segregated from the prime broker’s, custodian’s or counterparty’s own cash, and our funds may therefore rank as unsecured creditors in relation thereto. If our derivatives transactions are cleared through a derivatives clearing organization, the CFTC has issued final rules regulating the segregation and protection of collateral posted by customers of cleared and uncleared swaps.

The counterparty risks that we face have increased in complexity and magnitude over time. For example, in certain areas the number of counterparties we face has increased and may continue to increase, which may result in increased complexity and monitoring costs. Conversely, in certain other areas, the consolidation and elimination of counterparties has increased our concentration of counterparty risk and decreased the universe of potential counterparties, and our funds are generally not restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty or from concentrating any or all of their transactions with one counterparty. In addition, counterparties have in the past and may in the future react to market volatility by tightening underwriting standards and increasing margin requirements for all categories of financing, which may decrease the overall amount of leverage available and increase the costs of borrowing.

Underwriting activities by our capital markets services business expose us to risks.

Blackstone Securities Partners L.P. acts as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent in securities offerings and, through affiliated entities, loan syndications. We may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities or indebtedness we purchased or placed as an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent at the anticipated price levels or at all. As an underwriter, syndicator or placement agent, we also may be subject to liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite, syndicate or place.

Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure

We are not required to comply with certain provisions of U.S. securities laws relating to proxy statements and certain related matters. This, coupled with the significant voting power of holders of our Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock, may limit the ability of holders of our common stock to influence our business.

Holders of our common stock are entitled to vote pursuant to Delaware law with respect to:

[TABLE 109 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 110 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 111 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 112 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 113 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides voting rights to holders of our common stock on the following additional matters:

[TABLE 114 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 115 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 116 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 117 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 118 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

These matters generally require the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock, voting together as a single class. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock may vote to require the Series II Preferred Stockholder to transfer its shares of Series II preferred stock to a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder designated by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock and Series I preferred stock.

Holders of our Series I preferred stock will collectively be entitled to a number of votes equal to the aggregate number of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships on the relevant record date and will vote together with holders of our common stock as a single class. As of February 20, 2026, Blackstone Partners L.L.C., an entity owned by the senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, owned the only share of Series I preferred stock outstanding, representing approximately 37.5% of the total combined voting power of the common stock and Series I preferred stock, taken together.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain additional provisions affecting the holders of our common stock, including certain limits on the ability of the holders of our common stock to call meetings, to acquire information about our operations and to influence the manner or direction of our management. In addition, any person that beneficially owns 20% or more of the common stock then outstanding (other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates, a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates or a person or group that has acquired such stock with the prior approval of our board of directors) is unable to vote such stock on any matter submitted to such stockholders.

“say-on-pay”

“say-on-frequency”

Dodd-Frank

non-binding

14a-8

As a result, the holders of our common stock may be limited in their ability to influence our business. See “—Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock.”

We are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.

Because the Series II Preferred Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a “controlled company” and fall within exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. Pursuant to these exceptions, controlled companies may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the New York Stock Exchange, including the requirements (a) that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors, (c) that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (d) that the compensation committee be required to consider certain independence factors when engaging compensation consultants, legal counsel and other committee advisers. While we currently have a majority independent board of directors, we have elected to avail ourselves of the other exceptions. Accordingly, our common stockholders generally do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE.

Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder and the holders of our common stock.

Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., an entity owned by senior managing directors of Blackstone and controlled by Mr. Schwarzman, is the sole holder of the Series II Preferred stock. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Series II Preferred Stockholder, on the one hand, and us and our holders of our common stock, on the other hand. The Series II Preferred Stockholder has the ability to influence our business and affairs through its ownership of Series II Preferred stock, the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s general ability to appoint our

board of directors, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring Series II Preferred Stockholder approval for certain corporate actions (in addition to approval by our board of directors). If the holders of our common stock are dissatisfied with the performance of our board of directors, they have no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. In addition, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions stating that the Series II Preferred Stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of the other stockholders (including, without limitation, the tax consequences to such stockholders) in its decisions and shall not be liable to the other stockholders for damages for any losses, liabilities or benefits not derived by such stockholders in connection with such decisions.

Further, through its ability to elect our board of directors, the Series II Preferred Stockholder has the ability to indirectly influence the determination of the amount and timing of our funds’ investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, indebtedness, issuances of additional partnership interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.

pass-through

non-appealable

In addition, we have agreed to indemnify the Series II Preferred Stockholder and our former general partner and its controlling affiliates and any current or former officer or director of any of Blackstone or its subsidiaries, the Series II Preferred Stockholder or former general partner and certain other specified persons (collectively, the “Indemnitees”), to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts incurred by an Indemnitee. We have agreed to provide this indemnification if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of Blackstone, and with respect to any alleged conduct resulting in a criminal proceeding against the Indemnitee, such person had no reasonable cause to believe that such person’s conduct was unlawful. We have also agreed to provide this indemnification for criminal proceedings.

The Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer its interest in the sole share of Series II preferred stock which could materially alter our operations.

Without the approval of any other stockholder, the Series II Preferred Stockholder may transfer its sole outstanding share of Series II preferred stock to a third party with the approval of our board of directors and satisfaction of certain other requirements. Further, the members or other interest holders of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their outstanding equity or other interests in the Series II Preferred

Stockholder at any time without our approval. A new holder of our Series II preferred stock or new controlling members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder may appoint directors to our board who have different objectives or a different philosophy for the management of our business, including the hiring and compensation of our investment professionals, from those of our current directors. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience a material change in our operations which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We intend to pay regular dividends to holders of our common stock, but our ability to do so may be limited by cash flow from operations and available liquidity, our holding company structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions.

Our intention is to pay to holders of common stock a quarterly dividend representing approximately 85% of Blackstone Inc.’s share of Distributable Earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by Blackstone’s board of directors to be necessary or appropriate under our dividend policy. The foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and may change at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or to eliminate such dividends entirely.

Blackstone Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than the ownership of the partnership units in Blackstone Holdings held through wholly owned subsidiaries. Blackstone Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. Accordingly, we intend to cause Blackstone Holdings to make distributions to its partners, including Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, to fund any dividends Blackstone Inc. may declare on our common stock.

Our ability to make dividends to our stockholders will depend on a number of factors, including among others general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our business and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, including the timing and extent of our realizations, working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of dividends by us to holders of our common stock or payment of distributions by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. Our ability to pay dividends is also subject to the availability of lawful funds therefor as determined in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law.

step-up

pre-IPO

one-for-one

pre-IPO

Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the tax receivable agreement counterparties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreements. As a result, in certain circumstances payments to the counterparties under the tax receivable agreements could be in excess of our actual cash tax savings. Our ability to achieve benefits from any tax basis increase, and the payments to be made under the tax receivable agreements, will depend upon a number of factors, as discussed above, including the timing and amount of our future income.

If Blackstone Inc. were deemed an “investment company” under the 1940 Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business.

non-investment

The 1940 Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other things, the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. Accordingly, Blackstone Inc. conducts its operations so that it will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act. If Blackstone Inc. were deemed to be an investment company under the 1940 Act, it would have to comply with rules thereunder, which could impose limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates and compensate key employees. This could make it impractical to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among Blackstone Inc., Blackstone Holdings and our senior managing directors, or any combination thereof, and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control.

In addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s control, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control or a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable by, for example:

[TABLE 119 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 120 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 121 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 122 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 123 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 124 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

The price of our common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of common stock eligible for future sale and for exchange.

one-for-one

non-senior

S-8

S-3

Our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire all of the then outstanding shares of common stock under specified circumstances, which may adversely affect the price of our shares of common stock and the ability of holders of shares of common stock to participate in further growth in our stock price.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that, if at any time, less than 10% of the total shares of any class of our stock then outstanding (other than Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock) is held by persons other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder and its affiliates, we may exercise our right to call and purchase all of the then outstanding shares of common stock held by persons other than the Series II Preferred Stockholder or its affiliates or assign this right to the Series II Preferred Stockholder or any of its affiliates. As a result, a stockholder may have his or her shares of common stock purchased from him or her at an undesirable time or price and in a manner which adversely affects the ability of a stockholder to participate in further growth in our stock price.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal district courts of the United States of America, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with Blackstone or our directors, officers or other employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws of the United States, including, in each case, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

choice-of-forum

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

[TABLE 125 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

Blackstone maintains a comprehensive cybersecurity program, including policies and procedures designed to protect our systems, operations and the data entrusted to us by our investors, employees, portfolio companies and business partners from anticipated threats or hazards. Blackstone utilizes a variety of protective measures as a part of its cybersecurity program. These measures include, where appropriate, physical and digital access controls, patch management, identity verification and mobile device management software, new hire and annual employee cybersecurity awareness and best practices training programs, security baselines and tools to report anomalous activity, and monitoring of data usage, hardware and software.

We test our cybersecurity defenses regularly through automated and manual vulnerability scanning, to identify and remediate critical vulnerabilities. In addition, we conduct annual “white hat” penetration tests to validate our security posture. We internally review our cybersecurity program and conduct a third-party review every two to three years to evaluate its effectiveness, in part by considering industry standards and established frameworks, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology and Center for Internet Security, as guidelines. Further, we engage in cybersecurity incident tabletop exercises and scenario planning exercises involving hypothetical cybersecurity incidents to test our cybersecurity incident response processes. Our Chief Security Officer (the “CSO”) and members of senior management, Legal and Compliance, Technology and Innovations (“BXTI”) and Global Corporate Affairs participate in these exercises. Learnings from these tabletop exercises and any cybersecurity events we experience are reviewed, discussed and incorporated into our cybersecurity incident response processes, as appropriate.

In addition to our internal exercises to test aspects of our cybersecurity program, we periodically engage independent third parties to analyze data on the interactions of users of our information technology resources, including employees, and conduct penetration tests and scanning exercises to assess the performance of our cybersecurity systems and processes.

In addition

to our internal exercises to test aspects of our cybersecurity program, we periodically

engage

independent third parties to analyze data on the interactions of users of our information technology resources, including employees, and conduct penetration tests and scanning exercises to assess the performance of our cybersecurity systems and processes.

We have a comprehensive Security Incident Response Plan (the “IRP”) designed to inform the proper escalation of non-routine suspected or confirmed information security or cybersecurity events based on the expected risk an event presents. As appropriate, a Security Incident Response Team composed of individuals from several internal technical and managerial functions may be formed to investigate and remediate the event and determine the extent of external advisor support required, including from external counsel, forensic investigators, and/or law enforcement. The IRP sets out ongoing monitoring or remediation actions to be taken after resolution of an incident. The IRP is reviewed at least annually by members of BXTI and Legal and Compliance.

non-routine

Blackstone maintains a formal cybersecurity risk management process and cybersecurity risk register, designed to identify, track and treat cybersecurity risks at the firm, and integrates these processes into the firm’s overall risk management practices described above. Our CSO periodically discusses and reviews cybersecurity risks and related mitigants with our enterprise risk committee and incorporates relevant cybersecurity risk updates and metrics in the semi-annual enterprise-wide risk management report.

third-party

assessment

is conducted on the basis of, among other factors, the types of services provided and the extent and type of Blackstone data accessed or processed by a third-party vendor. On the basis of its preliminary risk assessment of a third-party vendor, Blackstone may conduct further cybersecurity reviews or request remediation of, or contractual protections related to, any actual or potential identified cybersecurity risks. In addition, where appropriate, Blackstone seeks to include in its contractual arrangements with certain of its third-party vendors provisions addressing its requirements and industry best practices with respect to data and cybersecurity, as well as the right to assess, monitor, audit and test such vendors’ cybersecurity programs and practices. Blackstone also utilizes a number of digital controls, which are reviewed at least annually, to monitor and manage third-party access to its internal systems and data.

Form 10-K.

Cybersecurity Governance

Blackstone has a dedicated cybersecurity team, led by our CSO, who works closely with our senior management, including our Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”), to develop and advance the firm’s cybersecurity program and strategy.

Our CSO and CTO have extensive experience in cybersecurity and technology, respectively. Our CSO is a Senior Managing Director in BXTI and is responsible for all aspects of cyber and physical security across Blackstone. He has over 25 years of information security, technology and engineering experience, including having previously led the international security organization at a large credit bureau. Our CTO is a Senior Managing Director and the head of BXTI. Our CTO has over 24 years of information security, technology and engineering experience, including having previously served as the Chief Technology and Chief Innovation Officer at a large financial institution. Our CTO is responsible for all aspects of technology across Blackstone, advises our investment teams and acts as a resource to portfolio companies on technology-related matters.

Our CSO and CTO have extensive experience in cybersecurity and technology, respectively. Our CSO is a Senior Managing Director in BXTI and is responsible for all aspects of cyber and physical security across Blackstone. He has over 25 years of information security, technology and engineering experience, including having previously led the international security organization at a large credit bureau.

Our CTO is a Senior Managing Director and the head of BXTI. Our CTO has over 24 years of information security, technology and engineering experience, including having previously served as the Chief Technology and Chief Innovation Officer at a large financial institution. Our CTO is responsible for all aspects of technology across Blackstone, advises our investment teams and acts as a resource to portfolio companies on technology-related matters.

BXTI conducts periodic cybersecurity risk assessments, including assessments or audits of third-party vendors, and assists with the management and mitigation of identified cybersecurity risks. The CSO and CTO are responsible for the review of Blackstone’s cybersecurity framework annually as well as on an event-driven basis, as necessary. The CSO and CTO also review the scope of our cybersecurity measures periodically, including in the event of a change in business practices that may implicate the security or integrity of our information and systems.

Blackstone’s

board of directors

is responsible for understanding the primary risks to our business.

The audit

committee

of our board of directors is responsible for reviewing with management the areas of material risk to our operations and financial results (including, without limitation, applicable major financial and cybersecurity risks and exposures) and our guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management.

program

[TABLE 126 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Our principal executive offices are located in leased office space at 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York. As of December 31, 2025, in addition to our offices in New York, we also leased offices in Hong Kong, London, Miami, Mumbai, Berkeley Heights, San Francisco, Singapore, Tokyo and other cities around the world. We consider these facilities to be suitable and adequate for the management and operations of our business.

[TABLE 127 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

We may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business. Our businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. See “— Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. We are not currently subject to any pending legal (including judicial, regulatory, administrative or arbitration) proceedings that we expect to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. However, given the inherent unpredictability of these types of proceedings and the potentially large and/or indeterminate amounts that could be sought, an adverse outcome in certain matters could have a material effect on Blackstone’s financial results in any particular period. See “Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 18. Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Litigation.”

[TABLE 128 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Not applicable.

Part II.

[TABLE 129 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “BX.”

The number of holders of record of our common stock as of February 20, 2026 was 54. This does not include the number of stockholders that hold shares in “street name” through banks or broker-dealers. Blackstone Partners L.L.C. is the sole holder of the single share of Series I preferred stock outstanding and Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the sole holder of the single share of Series II preferred stock outstanding.

The following table sets forth the quarterly per share dividends earned for the periods indicated. Each quarter’s dividends are declared and paid in the following quarter.

[TABLE 130 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Dividend Policy

tax-related

For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “—Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Financial Measures and Indicators.”

All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.

pro-rata

Because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements described in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 17. Related Party Transactions,” the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by Blackstone Inc. to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.

Dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of Blackstone’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s basis.

non-deductibility

Share Repurchases in the Fourth Quarter of 2025

The following table sets forth information regarding repurchases of shares of our common stock during the quarter ended December 31, 2025:

[TABLE 131 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 132 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Rule 10b5-1

[TABLE 133 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 134 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Form 10-K.

Form 10-K

10-K

Our Business

Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Our business is organized into four segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing. For more information about our business segments, see “Part I. Item 1. Business — Business Segments.”

pro-rata

“pro-rata

pro-rata

Business Environment

Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.

mid-February 2026,

two-and-a-half

3.50-3.75%

Outside of the U.S., most major central banks reduced interest rates in 2025 as inflation around the world continued to show signs of moderation. Inflation in the U.K. increased slightly to 3.4% in December 2025 compared to 3.0% in January 2025, but remained well below prior year peaks, and The Bank of England lowered its rate by 100 points over four reductions in 2025, ending the year at 3.75%. The European Central Bank lowered its deposit facility by 100 basis points during the year, with inflation in the Eurozone falling to 1.9% in December 2025 compared to 2.5% in January 2025. In China, the People’s Bank also lowered the required reserve ratio by 50 basis points in 2025 to 9%, continuing a rate-cutting cycle that began in 2021. By contrast, the Bank of Japan further increased its policy rate twice in 2025 to 0.75% by year end, the highest level since 1995.

An overall resilient economic backdrop, alongside moderating interest rates in several major economies, supported a gradual improvement in capital markets and transaction activity in the latter part of 2025. Uncertainty regarding the trajectory of inflation and interest rates in the U.S., continued geopolitical turbulence and concerns regarding the potential impact of artificial intelligence-related disruptions across a number of industries, however, have more recently adversely impacted investor sentiment and the market environment.

For additional information on the potential impact on each of our business segments of the conditions described above see “—Segment Analysis.”

Notable Transactions

On October 16, 2025, Blackstone entered into an amended and restated $4.325 billion revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). The Revolving Credit Facility amends and restates Blackstone’s existing revolving credit facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date from December 15, 2028 to October 16, 2030 and increase the aggregate required minimum amount of fee generating assets under management. For additional information see Note 12. “Borrowings” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

S-3.

Organizational Structure

The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.

Key Financial Measures and Indicators

non-GAAP

Distributable Earnings

“—Non-GAAP

Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to Interest and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of Blackstone Funds, and interest expense associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement.

Non-Recurring

Segment Distributable Earnings

non-controlling

Non-Recurring

non-recurring

period-to-period

“—Non-GAAP

Net Realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues (which refers to Realized Performance Revenues excluding Fee Related Performance Revenues), less Realized Performance Compensation (which refers to Realized Performance Compensation excluding Fee Related Performance Compensation and Equity-Based Performance Compensation).

Realized Performance Compensation reflects, pursuant to an ongoing compensation program, an increase in the aggregate Realized Performance Compensation paid to certain of our professionals above the amounts allocable to them based upon the percentage participation in the relevant performance plans previously awarded to them. For the year ended December 31, 2025, Realized Performance Compensation increased by an aggregate of $76.6 million and Fee Related Compensation decreased by a corresponding amount. For the year ended December 31, 2024, Realized Performance Compensation increased by an aggregate of $83.1 million and Fee

Related Compensation decreased by a corresponding amount. These changes to Realized Performance Compensation and Fee Related Compensation reduced Net Realizations, increased Fee Related Earnings and had a neutral impact to Income Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Fee Related Earnings

“—Non-GAAP

Fee Related Compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding Equity-Based Compensation, directly related to (a) Management and Advisory Fees, Net and (b) Fee Related Performance Revenues, referred to as Fee Related Performance Compensation.

Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of Performance Revenues from Perpetual Capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.

non-recurring

Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization

“—Non-GAAP

Net Accrued Performance Revenues

non-GAAP

“—Non-GAAP

Operating Metrics

The alternative asset management business is primarily based on managing third-party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. Since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value-creating strategies.

Fee-Earning

“Total Assets Under Management” refers to the invested and available capital in Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles (including, without limitation, investment funds and SMAs). The Total Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is dependent on the structure and investment strategy of such vehicle and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Total Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable:

[TABLE 135 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 136 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

co-investment

Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Total Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.

Our measurement of Total Assets Under Management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel. Our calculation of Total Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Total Assets Under Management differs from the manner in which affiliated investment advisors report regulatory assets under management and may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles we manage or advise.

“Fee-Earning

Fee-Earning

fee-eligible),

Fee-Earning

fee-paying

Fee-Earning

Commitment-based drawdown structured funds generally do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. Certain of our open-ended vehicles generally afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. In our perpetual capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days’ notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone’s right to cure.

Perpetual Capital

co-investment

Dry Powder

Dry Powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the extent to which capital is available for Blackstone to deploy capital into investment opportunities as they arise.

Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management

Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management represents invested capital at fair value on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met. We believe Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital deployed that has the potential to generate performance revenues.

Recent Tax Developments

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was signed into law. The OBBBA provides for significant U.S. tax law changes including making permanent key elements of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including 100% bonus depreciation, domestic research cost expensing, and the business interest expense limitation. Prior to the enactment of the OBBBA, these provisions were set to sunset on December 31, 2025. Blackstone does not believe the extension of these provisions, or other provisions contained in the OBBBA, will materially impact its financial statements. For further discussion of potential consequences of changes in tax regulations, please see “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Changes in U.S. and foreign taxation of businesses and other tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect us, including by adversely impacting our effective tax rate and tax liability.”

On July 29, 2025, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued guidance which provides for a simplified approach to the calculation of the corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”). Based on the available guidance, Blackstone does not believe CAMT will materially impact its Provision for Taxes.

Consolidated Results of Operations

non-controlling

Non-Recurring

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

[TABLE 137 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

n/m Not meaningful.

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Revenues

Revenues were $14.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $1.2 billion, compared to $13.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Revenues was primarily attributable to increases of $886.7 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net and $709.2 million in Investment Income (Loss).

Fee-Earning

Investment Income (Loss) was $5.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $709.2 million, compared to $4.5 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Investment Income (Loss) was primarily attributable to an increase of $569.9 million in Realized Investment Income. The increase in Realized Investment Income was primarily attributable to higher realized gains during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The principal driver of this increase was an increase of $406.7 million in our Credit & Insurance segment which was primarily attributable to the sale of Bistro, a portfolio visualization software platform developed by Blackstone, and the monetization of Blackstone’s stake in Resolution Life.

Expenses

Expenses were $7.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $883.3 million, compared to $6.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $626.5 million in Total Compensation and Benefits, of which $623.0 million was an increase in Compensation. The increase in Compensation was primarily attributable to the increase in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, on which a portion of Compensation is based.

Other Income (Loss)

Other Income was $424.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $375.2 million, compared to $48.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Other Income was primarily attributable to an increase of $327.3 million in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities.

The increase in Net Gains from Fund Investment Activities was primarily attributable to increases of $172.8 million in our Real Estate segment and $123.9 million in our Private Equity segment. The increase in our Real Estate segment was primarily attributable to net unrealized appreciation of investments in our consolidated funds in the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to net unrealized depreciation of investments in the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in our Private Equity segment was primarily attributable to higher net unrealized appreciation of investments in our consolidated funds in the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.

Provision for Taxes

Blackstone’s Provision for Taxes for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $1.1 billion, an increase of $103.4 million, compared to $1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. This resulted in an effective tax rate of 15.7% and 15.8%, based on our Income Before Provision for Taxes of $7.2 billion and $6.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Non-Controlling

Additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 14. Income Taxes” of this filing.

Non-Controlling

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Net Income Before Taxes allocated to Blackstone personnel and other limited partners of Blackstone Holdings was 37.6% and 38.5%, respectively. The decrease of 0.9% was primarily attributable to the conversion of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to shares of common stock and the vesting of shares of common stock.

The Other Income (Loss) — Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was entirely allocated to Blackstone Inc.

Operating Metrics

Fee-Earning

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.

[TABLE 138 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 139 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 140 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 141 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 142 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 143 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 144 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 145 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 146 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 147 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 148 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 149 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Fee-Earning

[TABLE 150 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 151 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 152 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 153 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Total Assets Under Management

Total Assets Under Management were $1,274.9 billion at December 31, 2025, an increase of $147.8 billion compared to $1,127.2 billion at December 31, 2024. The net increase was due to:

[TABLE 154 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 155 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 156 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 157 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 158 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 159 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 160 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 161 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 162 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 163 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 164 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 165 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 166 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 167 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 168 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 169 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 170 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 171 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 172 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 173 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Fee-Earning

[TABLE 174 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 175 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 176 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 177 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 178 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 179 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 180 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 181 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 182 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 183 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 184 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 185 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 186 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 187 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 188 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 189 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 190 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 191 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 192 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 193 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Dry Powder

The following presents our Dry Powder as of December 31 of each year:

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.

[TABLE 194 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Net Accrued Performance Revenues

“—Non-GAAP

[TABLE 195 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.

[TABLE 196 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For the year ended December 31, 2025, Net Accrued Performance Revenues receivable increased due to Net Performance Revenues of $3.6 billion, partially offset by net realized distributions of $3.1 billion.

Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management

The following presents our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management as of December 31 of each year:

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.

Perpetual Capital

The following presents our Perpetual Capital Total Assets Under Management as of December 31 of each year:

Note: Totals may not add due to rounding.

[TABLE 197 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Perpetual Capital Total Assets Under Management were $523.6 billion as of December 31, 2025, an increase of $78.8 billion, compared to $444.8 billion as of December 31, 2024. Perpetual Capital Total Assets Under Management in our Credit & Insurance and Private Equity segments increased by $43.7 billion and $29.4 billion, respectively. Principal drivers of the increases were:

[TABLE 198 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 199 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Investment Records

Fund returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.

The following tables present the investment record of our significant and formerly significant carry/drawdown funds and select perpetual capital strategies from inception through December 31, 2025:

Carry/Drawdown Funds

[TABLE 200 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

Carry/Drawdown Funds continued

[TABLE 201 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

Carry/Drawdown Funds continued

[TABLE 202 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

Carry/Drawdown Funds continued

[TABLE 203 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Select Perpetual Capital Strategies (m)

[TABLE 204 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.

[TABLE 205 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 206 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 207 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 208 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 209 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 210 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 211 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 212 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 213 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 214 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 215 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 216 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 217 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 218 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 219 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 220 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 221 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 222 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 223 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 224 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 225 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 226 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 227 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 228 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 229 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 230 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 231 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 232 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 233 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 234 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 235 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 236 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Segment Analysis

Discussed below is our Segment Distributable Earnings for each of our segments. This information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. References to “our” sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.

Real Estate

The following table presents the results of operations for our Real Estate segment:

[TABLE 237 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 238 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Segment Distributable Earnings were $2.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $222.5 million, compared to $2.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to an increase of $187.9 million in Fee Related Earnings and an increase of $34.6 million in Net Realizations.

Given the gradual pace of the real estate recovery over the course of 2025, the funds in our Real Estate segment saw limited appreciation in aggregate, notwithstanding strong performance in BREIT. Continued and significant strength in digital infrastructure investments supported performance in the year, which was partially offset by more challenging fundamentals in life sciences office, student housing and select logistics holdings. We believe there are a number of positive signs that should support values in our Real Estate portfolio, including favorable capital markets and declining new supply. Continued improvement in the cost and availability of debt also contributes to an environment that is more conducive to increased transaction volume.

Fee Related Earnings

Fee Related Earnings were $2.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $187.9 million, compared to $2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $286.2 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues, partially offset by a decrease of $93.4 million in Management Fees, Net.

Fee Related Performance Revenues were $489.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $286.2 million, compared to $203.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to higher Fee Related Performance Revenues in BREIT.

Fee-Earning

Net Realizations

Net Realizations were $149.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $34.6 million, compared to $114.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $67.8 million in Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by an increase of $29.4 million in Realized Performance Compensation.

Realized Performance Revenues were $268.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $67.8 million, compared to $201.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to higher Realized Performance Revenues in BREP.

Realized Performance Compensation was $130.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $29.4 million, compared to $101.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in Realized Performance Revenues.

Fund Returns

Fund return information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.

The following table presents the internal rates of return, except where noted, of our significant real estate funds:

[TABLE 239 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.

[TABLE 240 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 241 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 242 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 243 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 244 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 245 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 246 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 247 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 248 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 249 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Funds with Closed Investment Periods as of December 31, 2025

The Real Estate segment has thirteen funds with closed investment periods as of December 31, 2025: BREP IX, BREP VIII, BREP VII, BREP VI, BREP V, BREP Europe VI, BREP Europe V, BREP Europe IV, BREP Europe III, BREP Asia II, BREP Asia I, BREDS IV and BREDS III. As of December 31, 2025, BREP VII, BREP VI, BREP V, BREP Europe IV, BREP Europe III and BREP Asia I were above their carried interest thresholds (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would have been above their carried interest thresholds even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. BREP VIII, BREDS IV and BREDS III were above their carried interest thresholds as of December 31, 2025, while BREP IX, BREP Asia II, BREP Europe VI, and BREP Europe V were below their carried interest thresholds. Funds are considered above their carried interest thresholds based on the aggregate fund position, although individual limited partners may be below their respective carried interest thresholds in certain funds.

Private Equity

The following table presents the results of operations for our Private Equity segment:

[TABLE 250 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 251 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Segment Distributable Earnings were $2.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $268.0 million, compared to $2.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to an increase of $47.7 million in Fee Related Earnings, and an increase of $220.4 million in Net Realizations.

Our Private Equity segment generated strong performance across all strategies in 2025, with particular strength in Infrastructure. In Corporate Private Equity, our operating companies exhibited solid revenue growth and resilient margins. A more favorable capital markets environment supported an acceleration in transaction activity, particularly initial public offerings, in our Private Equity segment funds in the second half of 2025. A continuation of a favorable capital markets environment should contribute to a further increase in transaction activity, including realizations, in our Private Equity segment. Despite an overall strong capital markets environment, the potential for artificial intelligence-driven disruption has recently weighed on equity capital markets and equity values of companies in certain sectors, such as software. We believe the ultimate impact of such disruption will vary significantly across companies based on multiple factors, with a number of companies well-positioned to be protected or benefit from such disruption. We believe such factors, which include large company size, depth of resources and high customer switching costs, are generally evident across our portfolio.

Fee Related Earnings

Fee Related Earnings were $1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $47.7 million, compared to $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $573.3 million in Management and Advisory Fees, Net and a decrease of $202.8 million in Fee Related Compensation, partially offset by a decrease of $637.4 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues.

Fee-Earning

Fee Related Performance Revenues were $548.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, a decrease of $637.4 million, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to the crystallization of prior year performance revenues for BIP, partially offset by increased performance fee crystallizations for BXPE.

Fee Related Compensation was $961.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, a decrease of $202.8 million, compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in Fee Related Performance Revenues, which impacts Fee Related Compensation.

Net Realizations

Net Realizations were $1.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $220.4 million, compared to $811.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $277.7 million in Realized Performance Revenues, partially offset by an increase of $71.4 million in Realized Performance Compensation.

Realized Performance Revenues were $1.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $277.7 million, compared to $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in Realized Performance Revenues in Secondaries, related to the sale of an interest in the GP Stakes portfolio, BXLS and Tactical Opportunities, partially offset by decreases in Corporate Private Equity.

Realized Performance Compensation were $704.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $71.4 million, compared to $633.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in Realized Performance Revenues.

Fund Returns

Fund returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.

The following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:

[TABLE 252 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.

[TABLE 253 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 254 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 255 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 256 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 257 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 258 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 259 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 260 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 261 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Funds With Closed Investment Periods as of December 31, 2025

BCP V-AC

Tactical Opportunities has various funds with closed investment periods, which are each above their carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Growth has one fund with a closed investment period, BXG I, which is not above its carried interest threshold. Secondaries has various funds with closed investment periods, including but not limited to: Strategic Partners Infrastructure III, Strategic Partners VIII, Strategic Partners Real Estate VII and BSCH I which are above their respective carried interest thresholds based on aggregate fund position. Blackstone Life Sciences has funds with a closed investment period: Clarus IV, BXLS V and BXLS Yield, which are each above their carried interest thresholds.

Credit & Insurance

The following table presents the results of operations for our Credit & Insurance segment:

[TABLE 262 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 263 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Segment Distributable Earnings were $2.0 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $533.4 million, compared to $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $195.4 million in Fee Related Earnings and $338.0 million in Net Realizations.

non-investment

In our perpetual capital strategies, BCRED maintained healthy demand with over $14 billion raised in 2025. While heightened market attention around private credit has and could continue to adversely affect net flows, we believe that strong investment performance should drive flows over the long-term.

Fee Related Earnings

Fee Related Earnings were $1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $195.4 million, compared to $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to increases of $347.8 million in Management Fees, Net and $40.7 million in Fee Related Performance Revenues, partially offset by increases of $114.0 million in Fee Related Compensation and of $79.0 million in Other Operating Expenses.

Fee-Earning

Fee Related Compensation was $869.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $114.0 million, compared to $755.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in Management Fees, Net and Fee Related Performance Revenues, both of which impact Fee Related Compensation.

Other Operating Expenses was $450.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $79.0 million, compared to $371.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in professional fees.

Net Realizations

Net Realizations were $561.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $338.0 million, compared to $223.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $296.0 million in Realized Principal Investment Income.

Realized Principal Investment Income was $335.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $296.0 million, compared to $39.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to the sale of Bistro, a portfolio visualization software platform developed by Blackstone, and the monetization of Blackstone’s stake in Resolution Life.

Composite Returns

Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.

The following table presents the return information for the Private Credit and Liquid Credit composites:

[TABLE 264 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.

[TABLE 265 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 266 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Operating Metrics

The following table presents information regarding our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management:

[TABLE 267 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 268 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 269 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Multi-Asset Investing

The following table presents the results of operations for our Multi-Asset Investing segment:

[TABLE 270 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 271 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Segment Distributable Earnings were $655.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $147.9 million, compared to $507.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Segment Distributable Earnings was attributable to increases of $24.5 million in Fee Related Earnings and $123.4 million in Net Realizations.

All the strategies in our Multi-Asset Investing segment exhibited positive performance in 2025. In particular, the Absolute Return Composite had its twenty-third consecutive quarter of positive performance, including across our quantitative, equities, macro, and credit strategies. Continued strong performance in the segment contributed to favorable fundraising dynamics, with net inflows in the segment of over $6 billion for the year.

Fee Related Earnings

Fee Related Earnings were $253.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $24.5 million, compared to $228.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Fee Related Earnings was primarily attributable to an increase of $54.8 million in Management Fees, Net, partially offset by an increase of $24.8 million in Fee Related Compensation.

Fee-Earning

Fee Related Compensation was $169.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $24.8 million, compared to $144.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily attributable to an increase in Management Fees, Net, on which a portion of Fee Related Compensation is based.

Net Realizations

Net Realizations were $402.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $123.4 million, compared to $279.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase in Net Realizations was primarily attributable to an increase of $109.4 million in Realized Performance Revenues.

Realized Performance Revenues were $489.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $109.4 million, compared to $380.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily attributable to Absolute Return, Total Portfolio Management and Multi-Strategy.

Composite Returns

Composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. The composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of Blackstone and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund or composite. An investment in Blackstone is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. There can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.

The following table presents the return information of the Absolute Return Composite:

[TABLE 272 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The returns presented herein represent those of the applicable Blackstone Funds and not those of Blackstone.

[TABLE 273 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 274 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Operating Metrics

The following table presents information regarding our Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management:

[TABLE 275 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 276 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 277 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Non-GAAP

non-GAAP

The following table is a reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Blackstone Inc. to Distributable Earnings, Total Segment Distributable Earnings, Fee Related Earnings and Adjusted EBITDA:

[TABLE 278 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 279 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 280 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 281 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 282 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 283 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 284 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 285 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 286 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 287 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 288 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 289 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 290 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 291 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 292 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 293 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 294 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 295 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 296 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 297 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 298 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 299 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following tables are a reconciliation of Total GAAP Investments to Net Accrued Performance Revenues. Total GAAP Investments and Net Accrued Performance Revenues consist of the following:

[TABLE 300 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 301 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 302 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 303 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Liquidity and Capital Resources

General

Blackstone’s business model derives revenue primarily from third-party Assets Under Management. Blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. As a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. We draw primarily on the long-term committed or invested capital of investors in our investment vehicles to fund the investment requirements of the Blackstone Funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay dividends to stockholders and distributions to holders of Holdings Units.

Non-Controlling

non-consolidated

Total Assets were $47.7 billion as of December 31, 2025, an increase of $4.2 billion from December 31, 2024. The increase in Total Assets was primarily attributable to increases of $2.8 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated operating partnerships and $1.6 billion in total assets attributable to consolidated Blackstone funds.

[TABLE 304 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 305 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 306 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 307 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 308 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 309 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Total Liabilities were $25.8 billion as of December 31, 2025, an increase of $1.9 billion from December 31, 2024. The increase in Total Liabilities was primarily attributable to an increase of $1.9 billion in total liabilities attributable to consolidated operating partnerships.

[TABLE 310 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 311 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Sources and Uses of Liquidity

We have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in our businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes and other borrowings, liquid investments we hold on our Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition and access to our $4.325 billion committed revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”). As of December 31, 2025, Blackstone had $2.6 billion in Cash and Cash Equivalents, $359.7 million invested in Corporate Treasury Investments and $7.1 billion in Other Investments (which included $6.5 billion of liquid investments), against $12.4 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances. As of December 31, 2025, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. In February 2026, we drew $900.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility.

S-3.

in-kind)

co-investment

Capital Commitments

Our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of December 31, 2025 consisted of the following:

[TABLE 312 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

[TABLE 313 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

[TABLE 314 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 315 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 316 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 317 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 318 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For a tabular presentation of the timing of Blackstone’s remaining capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies see “— Contractual Obligations”.

Borrowings

As of December 31, 2025, Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. and Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C. (each an “Issuer” and together the “Issuers”), both indirect subsidiaries of Blackstone, had issued and outstanding the following senior notes (collectively the “Notes”):

[TABLE 319 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 320 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 321 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

sub-limits.

fee-earning

For a tabular presentation of the payment timing of principal and interest due on Blackstone’s issued notes and the Revolving Credit Facility see “— Contractual Obligations”.

Contractual Obligations

The following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2025 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the Blackstone Funds:

[TABLE 322 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 323 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 324 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 325 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 326 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 327 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 328 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 329 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Guarantees

Blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. The amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.

Indemnifications

In many of its service contracts, Blackstone agrees to indemnify the third-party service provider under certain circumstances. The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the above contractual obligations table or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2025.

Clawback Obligations

Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceed the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The amounts and nature of Blackstone’s clawback obligations are described in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Contingent Obligations (Clawback)” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.

Share Repurchase Program

On July 16, 2024, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, Blackstone repurchased 0.8 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $122.6 million. As of December 31, 2025, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $1.7 billion.

Dividends

tax-related

For Blackstone’s definition of Distributable Earnings, see “—Key Financial Measures and Indicators.”

All of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any dividends are at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and our board of directors may change our dividend policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce such quarterly dividends or even to eliminate such dividends entirely.

Because the publicly traded entity and/or its wholly owned subsidiaries must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately paid as dividends by Blackstone to common stockholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per share or per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships to the Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships in respect of their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units.

Dividends are treated as qualified dividends to the extent of Blackstone’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, with any excess dividends treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s basis.

The following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common stockholder dividends for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Dividends are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.

With respect to fiscal year 2025, we paid to stockholders of our common stock a dividend of $0.93, $1.03, $1.29 and $1.49 per share in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating to $4.74 per share of common stock. With respect to fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we paid stockholders of our common stock aggregate dividends of $3.95 per share and $3.35 per share, respectively.

Leverage

We may, under certain circumstances, use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for Blackstone and our stockholders. In addition to the borrowings from our notes issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use asset based financing arrangements, including but not limited to margin loans, reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. Reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. Repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. The balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on Blackstone’s liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.

The following table presents information regarding financial instruments which are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:

[TABLE 330 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Critical Accounting Policies

We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. Actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. If actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. We believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. For a description of our accounting policies, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.

Principles of Consolidation

For a description of our accounting policy on consolidation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Consolidation” and Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for detailed information on Blackstone’s involvement with VIEs. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of consolidation principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.

non-controlling

The assessment of whether we consolidate a Blackstone Fund or investment vehicle we manage requires the application of significant judgment. These judgments are applied both at the time we become involved with the VIE and on an ongoing basis and include, but are not limited to:

[TABLE 331 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 332 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 333 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Revenue Recognition

For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” For an additional description of the nature of our revenue arrangements, including how management fees, Incentive Fees, and Performance Allocations are generated, please refer to “Part I. Item 1. Business — Fee Structure/Incentive Arrangements.” The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of revenue recognition principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.

Management and Advisory Fees, Net

For vehicles within the Real Estate segment:

[TABLE 334 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 335 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 336 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For vehicles within the Private Equity segment:

[TABLE 337 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 338 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 339 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For vehicles within the Credit & Insurance segment:

[TABLE 340 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 341 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 342 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 343 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

For vehicles within the Multi-Asset Investing segment:

[TABLE 344 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Management fee calculations based on committed capital or invested capital are mechanical in nature and therefore do not require the use of significant estimates or judgments. Management fee calculations based on net asset value, gross asset value, or investment fair value depend on the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds and could vary depending on the valuation methodology that is used as well as economic conditions. See “—Fair Value” below for further discussion of the judgment required for determining the fair value of the underlying investments.

Investment Income (Loss)

The change in the fair value of the investments held by certain Blackstone Funds is a significant input into the accrued Performance Allocation calculation and accrual for potential repayment of previously received Performance Allocations. Estimates and assumptions are made when determining the fair value of the underlying investments within the funds. See “—Fair Value” below for further discussion related to significant estimates and assumptions used for determining fair value of the underlying investments.

Fair Value

Blackstone uses fair value throughout the reporting process. For a description of our accounting policies related to valuation, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Fair Value of Financial Instruments” and “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Investments, at Fair Value” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing. The following discussion is intended to provide supplemental information about how the application of fair value principles impact our financial results, and management’s process for implementing those principles including areas of significant judgment.

Investment

Companies

non-performance

Blackstone has also elected the fair value option for certain instruments it owns directly, including loans and receivables, investments in private debt securities and other proprietary investments. Blackstone is required to measure certain financial instruments at fair value, including debt instruments, equity securities and freestanding derivatives.

Fair Value of Investments or Instruments that are Publicly Traded

Securities that are publicly traded and for which a quoted market exists will be valued at the closing price of such securities in the principal market in which the security trades, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market on the valuation date. When a quoted price in an active market exists, no block discounts or control premiums are permitted regardless of the size of the public security held. In some cases, securities will include legal and contractual restrictions limiting their purchase and sale for a period of time. A discount to the publicly traded price may be appropriate in instances where a legal restriction is a characteristic of the security, such as may be required under SEC Rule 144. The amount of the discount, if taken, shall be determined based on the time period that must pass before the restricted security becomes unrestricted or otherwise available for sale.

Fair Value of Investments or Instruments that are not Publicly Traded

Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity or debt of operating companies or real estate properties. Our primary methodology for determining the fair values of such investments is generally the income approach which provides an indication of fair value based on the present value of cash flows that a business, security, or property is expected to generate in the future. The most widely used methodology under the income approach is the discounted cash flow method which includes significant assumptions about the underlying investment’s projected net earnings or cash flows, discount rate, capitalization rate and exit multiple. Our secondary methodology, generally used to corroborate the results of the income approach, is typically the market approach. The most widely used methodology under the market approach relies upon valuations for comparable public companies, transactions, or assets, and includes making judgments about which companies, transactions, or assets are comparable. Depending on the facts and circumstances associated with the investment, different primary and secondary methodologies may be used including option value, contingent claims or scenario analysis, yield analysis, projected cash flow through maturity or expiration, discount to sale, probability weighted methods or recent round of financing.

In certain cases debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments.

Management Process on Fair Value

Due to the importance of fair value throughout the consolidated financial statements and the significant judgment required to be applied in arriving at those fair values, we have developed a process around valuation that incorporates several levels of approval and review from both internal and external sources. Investments held

in-scope

For investments valued utilizing the income method and where Blackstone has information rights, we generally have a direct line of communication with each of the companies’ and underlying assets’ finance teams and collect financial data used to support projections used in a discounted cash flow analysis. The valuation team then analyzes the data received and updates the valuation models reflecting any changes in the underlying cash flow projections, weighted-average cost of capital, exit multiple or capitalization rate, and any other valuation input relevant to economic conditions.

sub-committee,

non-employee

Income Tax

For a description of our accounting policy on taxes and additional information on taxes see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and Note 14. “Income Taxes,” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.

Our provision for income taxes is comprised of current and deferred taxes. Current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse.

Additionally, significant judgment is required in estimating the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including any valuation allowance), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. In evaluating these judgments, we consider, among other items, projections of taxable income (including the character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that Blackstone uses to manage its business. To the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded.

Revisions in estimates and/or actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.

Recent Accounting Developments

Information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on Blackstone, if any, can be found in Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this filing.

[TABLE 345 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Our predominant exposure to market risk is related to our role as general partner or investment adviser to the Blackstone Funds and the sensitivities to movements in the fair value of their investments, including the effect on management fees, performance revenues and investment income. See “Part I. — Item 1. Business — Investment Process and Risk Management.”

Effect on Fund Management Fees

Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base. For a description of our accounting policy on revenue recognition and management fee calculation bases, generally, see Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Revenue Recognition” in the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Management fees will only be directly affected by short-term changes in market conditions to the extent they are based on NAV, gross asset value (“GAV”), or represent permanent impairments of value. These management fees will be increased (or reduced) in direct proportion to the effect of changes in the fair value of our investments in the related funds. The proportion of our management fees that are based on NAV or GAV is dependent on the number and types of Blackstone Funds, vehicles, or separately managed accounts in existence and the current stage of each fund’s life cycle. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the percentages of our fund management fees based on the NAV or GAV of the applicable funds or separately managed accounts, were as follows:

[TABLE 346 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Market Risk

The Blackstone Funds hold investments which are reported at fair value and Blackstone invests directly in securities measured at fair value. Based on the fair value as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we estimate that a 10% decline in the fair value of investments, excluding equity securities without a readily determinable fair value measured in accordance with the measurement alternative, and certain freestanding derivative instruments would result in the following declines in Management and Advisory Fees, Net, Unrealized Performance Allocations, Net and Unrealized Principal Investment Income:

[TABLE 347 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 348 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 349 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 350 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The fair value of the investments, derivatives and securities subject to the market risk sensitivities can vary significantly based on a number of factors, including the diversity of the Blackstone Funds’ investment portfolio, market conditions, trading values, similar transactions, financial metrics, and industry comparatives. See “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors” above. Also see “ —Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Critical Accounting Policies — Fair Value.” We believe these fair value amounts should be utilized with caution as our intent and strategy is to hold investments and securities until prevailing market conditions are beneficial for investment sales.

Exchange Rate Risk

non-U.S.

[TABLE 351 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 352 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 353 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 354 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Interest Rate Risk

Blackstone may have debt obligations payable that accrue interest at variable rates. Interest rate changes may therefore affect the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows. Blackstone did not have variable interest based debt obligations payable as of December 31, 2025 and therefore, interest expense was not impacted by changes in interest rates for the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone had $39.9 million outstanding under the Secured Borrowings that is subject to interest at a variable rate. The annualized increase in interest expense due to a 1% increase in interest rates would be $0.4 million as a result of these borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Blackstone has a diversified portfolio of liquid assets to meet the liquidity needs of various businesses. This portfolio includes cash, open-ended money market mutual funds, open-ended bond mutual funds, marketable investment securities, freestanding derivative contracts, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and other investments. If interest rates were to increase by one percentage point, we estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, offset by an estimated increase in interest income on an annual basis from interest on floating rate assets, as follows:

[TABLE 355 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 356 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

non-U.S.

[TABLE 357 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Credit Risk

Certain Blackstone Funds and the Investee Funds are subject to certain inherent risks through their investments.

Our portfolio of liquid assets contains certain credit risks including, but not limited to, exposure to uninsured deposits with financial institutions, unsecured corporate bonds and mortgage-backed securities. These exposures are actively monitored on a continuous basis and positions are reallocated based on changes in risk profile, market or economic conditions.

We estimate that our annualized investment income would decrease, if credit spreads were to increase by one percentage point, as follows:

[TABLE 358 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 359 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Certain of our entities hold derivative instruments that contain an element of risk in the event that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of such agreements. We minimize our risk exposure by limiting the counterparties with which we enter into contracts to banks and investment banks that meet established credit and capital guidelines. We do not expect any counterparty to default on its obligations and therefore do not expect to incur any loss due to counterparty default.

[TABLE 360 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

[TABLE 361 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Blackstone Inc.:

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)

Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)

Basis for Opinions

Blackstone’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying management’s report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to Blackstone in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Fair Value of Certain Underlying Investments to determine Performance Allocations and Accrued Performance Allocations — Refer to Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements.

Critical Audit Matter Description

Blackstone, as a general partner, is entitled to an allocation of income from certain carry fund and open-ended structures (“Blackstone Funds”) assuming certain investment returns are achieved, referred to as “Performance Allocations”. Performance Allocations are made based on either cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners or based on fund or vehicle performance over a period of time, subject to a high water mark and preferred return to investors. The change in the fair value of the underlying investments held by the Blackstone Funds is the significant input into this calculation.

As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, adjustments are made to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the general partner to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner.

We considered the valuation of certain investments without readily determinable fair values used in the calculation of Performance Allocations and Accrued Performance Allocations as a critical audit matter because of the valuation techniques, assumptions, market impacts and the degree of subjectivity of certain unobservable inputs used in the valuation. Auditing the fair value of these investments required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased effort, including the involvement of our internal fair value specialists as needed, who possess significant fair value methodology and modeling expertise.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to testing the fair values of certain investments without readily determinable fair values included the following, among others:

[TABLE 362 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 363 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 364 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 365 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 366 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 367 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 368 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 369 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 370 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

We have served as Blackstone’s auditor since 2006.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition

(Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data)

[TABLE 371 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition

(Dollars in Thousands)

The following presents the asset and liability portion of the consolidated balances presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition attributable to consolidated Blackstone Funds which are variable interest entities. The following assets may only be used to settle obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and these liabilities are only the obligations of these consolidated Blackstone Funds and they do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone.

[TABLE 372 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(Dollars in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data)

[TABLE 373 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

(Dollars in Thousands)

[TABLE 374 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data)

[TABLE 375 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 376 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data)

[TABLE 377 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 378 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

(Dollars in Thousands, Except Share Data)

[TABLE 379 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 380 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Dollars in Thousands)

[TABLE 381 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

continued...

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

(Dollars in Thousands)

[TABLE 382 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following table provides a reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other reported within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition:

[TABLE 383 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 384 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries (“Blackstone” or the “Company”), is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. Blackstone’s asset management business includes global investment strategies focused on real estate, private equity, infrastructure, life sciences, growth equity, credit, real assets, secondaries and hedge funds. “Blackstone Funds” refers to the funds and other vehicles that are managed by Blackstone. Blackstone’s business is organized into four segments: Real Estate, Private Equity, Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing.

Blackstone Inc. was initially formed as The Blackstone Group L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, on March 12 , 2007 . Prior to its conversion on July 1 , 2019 to a Delaware corporation, Blackstone Inc. was managed and operated by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is wholly owned by Blackstone’s senior managing directors and controlled by one of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”).

Blackstone Inc.

was initially formed as The Blackstone Group L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, on March 12

, 2007

. Prior to its conversion on July 1

, 2019

to a Delaware corporation, Blackstone Inc. was managed and operated by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., which is wholly owned by Blackstone’s senior managing directors and controlled by

one

of Blackstone’s founders, Stephen A. Schwarzman (the “Founder”).

The activities of Blackstone are conducted through its holding partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). Blackstone, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner of each of the Holding Partnerships. Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four times each year, exchange their limited partnership interests (“Partnership Units”) for Blackstone common stock, on a one-to-one basis, exchanging one Partnership Unit from each of the Holding Partnerships for one share of Blackstone common stock.

The activities

of Blackstone are conducted through its holding partnerships: Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (collectively, “Blackstone Holdings,” “Blackstone Holdings Partnerships” or the “Holding Partnerships”). Blackstone, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is the sole general partner of each of the Holding Partnerships. Generally, holders of the limited partner interests in the Holding Partnerships may, four

one-to-one

Partnership Unit from each of the Holding Partnerships for one

share of Blackstone common stock.

[TABLE 385 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Blackstone have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Blackstone, its wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries, the consolidated entities which are considered to be variable interest entities and for which Blackstone is considered the primary beneficiary, and certain partnerships or similar entities which are not considered variable interest entities but in which the general partner is determined to have control.

All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management believes that estimates utilized in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Such estimates include those used in the valuation of investments and financial instruments, the measurement of deferred tax balances (including any valuation allowances) and the accounting for Goodwill and equity-based compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.

Consolidation Blackstone consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those Blackstone Funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. Blackstone has a controlling financial interest in Blackstone Holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick-out rights or participating rights that would overcome the control held by Blackstone. Accordingly, Blackstone consolidates Blackstone Holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings.

Consolidation

kick-out

non-controlling

1 60

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) In addition, Blackstone consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) for which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which Blackstone holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether Blackstone’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests, would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment. Blackstone determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. In determining whether Blackstone is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its control rights as well as economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by Blackstone. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that Blackstone is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by Blackstone, affiliates of Blackstone or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, Blackstone assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly. Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities.”

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

In addition, Blackstone consolidates all variable interest entities (“VIE”) for which it is the primary beneficiary. An enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which Blackstone holds a variable interest is a VIE and (b) whether Blackstone’s involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests, would give it a controlling financial interest. Performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.

Blackstone determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a VIE at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and continuously reconsiders that conclusion. In determining whether Blackstone is the primary beneficiary, Blackstone evaluates its control rights as well as economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by Blackstone. The consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that Blackstone is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. Investments and redemptions (either by Blackstone, affiliates of Blackstone or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective Blackstone Funds could affect an entity’s status as a VIE or the determination of the primary beneficiary. At each reporting date, Blackstone assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.

Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and liabilities of a consolidated VIE for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of Blackstone are presented in a separate section in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding VIEs are discussed in Note 8. “Variable Interest Entities.”

Revenue Recognition Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, incentive fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. Management and advisory fees and incentive fees are accounted for as contracts with customers. Under the guidance for contracts with customers, an entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may include variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. See Note 19. “Segment Reporting” for a disaggregated presentation of revenues from contracts with customers. Management and Advisory Fees, Net — Management and Advisory Fees, Net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction, advisory and other fees net of management fee reductions and offsets. Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically net asset value, gross asset value, total fair value of investments, committed capital, total invested capital or remaining invested capital. Blackstone identifies its customers on a fund by fund basis in accordance with the terms and circumstances of the individual fund. Generally the customer is identified as the investors in its managed funds and investment vehicles, but for certain widely held funds or vehicles, the fund or vehicle itself may be identified as the customer. These customer contracts require Blackstone to provide investment management services, which represents a performance obligation that Blackstone satisfies over time. Management fees are a form of variable consideration because the fees Blackstone is entitled to vary based on fluctuations in the basis for the management fee. The amount recorded as revenue is generally determined at the end of the period because these management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and are not subject to clawback once paid.

Revenue Recognition

Revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, incentive fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other.

Management and advisory fees and incentive fees are accounted for as contracts with customers. Under the guidance for contracts with customers, an entity is required to (a) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (b) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (c) determine the transaction price, (d) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (e) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. In determining the transaction price, an entity may include variable consideration only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized would not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. See Note 19. “Segment Reporting” for a disaggregated presentation of revenues from contracts with customers.

Management and Advisory Fees, Net

Blackstone earns base management fees from its customers at a fixed percentage of a calculation base which is typically net asset value, gross asset value, total fair value of investments, committed capital, total invested capital or remaining invested capital. Blackstone identifies its customers on a fund by fund basis in accordance with the terms and circumstances of the individual fund. Generally the customer is identified as the investors in its managed funds and investment vehicles, but for certain widely held funds or vehicles, the fund or vehicle itself may be identified as the customer. These customer contracts require Blackstone to provide investment management services, which represents a performance obligation that Blackstone satisfies over time. Management fees are a form of variable consideration because the fees Blackstone is entitled to vary based on fluctuations in the basis for the management fee. The amount recorded as revenue is generally determined at the end of the period because these management fees are payable on a regular basis (typically quarterly) and are not subject to clawback once paid.

1 61

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Transaction, advisory and other fees are principally fees charged to the investors of funds indirectly through the managed funds and portfolio companies. The investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the investors to Blackstone (“management fee reductions”) by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees paid to Blackstone by the portfolio companies. The amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund. These fees and associated management fee reductions are a component of the transaction price for Blackstone’s performance obligation to provide investment management services to the investors of funds and are recognized as changes to the transaction price in the period in which they are charged and the services are performed.

Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the investors of the Blackstone Funds, which includes amounts such investors reimburse the Blackstone Funds or Blackstone primarily for placement fees, rebates and other consideration determined to be an adjustment to the transaction price. Providing investment management services requires Blackstone to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where Blackstone is acting as an agent on behalf of the investors of funds, it presents the cost of services as net against management fee revenue. In all other situations, Blackstone is primarily responsible for fulfilling the services and is therefore acting as a principal for those arrangements. As a result, the cost of those services is presented as Compensation or General, Administrative and Other expense, as appropriate, with any reimbursement from the investors of the funds recorded as Management and Advisory Fees, Net. In cases where the investors of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract. Capitalized placement fees are amortized over the life of the customer contract, are recorded within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and amortization is recorded within General, Administrative and Other within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In cases where the Blackstone Funds are determined to be the customer in the arrangement, placement fees are generally expensed as incurred. Blackstone may also pay ongoing investor servicing fees to certain distributors of its products. Where Blackstone is the principal in those arrangements, ongoing investor servicing fees are expensed as incurred and are recorded within General, Administrative and Other expense. Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Incentive Fees — Contractual fees earned based on the performance of Blackstone vehicles (“Incentive Fees”) are a form of variable consideration in Blackstone’s contracts with customers to provide investment management services. Incentive Fees are earned based on performance of the vehicle during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each vehicle’s governing agreements. Incentive Fees will not be recognized as revenue until (a) it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur, or (b) the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Incentive Fees are typically recognized as revenue when realized at the end of the measurement period. Once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal. Accrued but unpaid Incentive Fees charged directly to investors in Blackstone vehicles as of the reporting date are recorded within Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the investors of the Blackstone Funds, which includes amounts such investors reimburse the Blackstone Funds or Blackstone primarily for placement fees, rebates and other consideration determined to be an adjustment to the transaction price. Providing investment management services requires Blackstone to arrange for services on behalf of its customers. In those situations where Blackstone is acting as an agent on behalf of the investors of funds, it presents the cost of services as net against management fee revenue. In all other situations, Blackstone is primarily responsible for fulfilling the services and is therefore acting as a principal for those arrangements. As a result, the cost of those services is presented as Compensation or General, Administrative and Other expense, as appropriate, with any reimbursement from the investors of the funds recorded as Management and Advisory Fees, Net. In cases where the investors of the funds are determined to be the customer in an arrangement, placement fees may be capitalized as a cost to acquire a customer contract. Capitalized placement fees are amortized over the life of the customer contract, are recorded within Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and amortization is recorded within General, Administrative and Other within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In cases where the Blackstone Funds are determined to be the customer in the arrangement, placement fees are generally expensed as incurred. Blackstone may also pay ongoing investor servicing fees to certain distributors of its products. Where Blackstone is the principal in those arrangements, ongoing investor servicing fees are expensed as incurred and are recorded within General, Administrative and Other expense.

Accrued but unpaid Management and Advisory Fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in Due from Affiliates in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Incentive Fees —

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Investment Income (Loss) — Investment Income (Loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on Blackstone’s Performance Allocations and Principal Investments.

Investment Income (Loss)

pro-rata

“pro-rata

pro-rata

Performance Allocations are made to the general partner based either on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners or based on vehicle performance over a period of time, subject to a high water mark and preferred return to investors. At the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the balance of accrued Performance Allocations (“Accrued Performance Allocations”) that would be due to Blackstone for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. Accrued Performance Allocations as of the reporting date are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

non-controlling

pro-rata

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Interest and Dividend Revenue — Interest consists primarily of interest income earned on cash, receivables and Blackstone held principal investments not accounted for under the equity method. Dividend Revenue consists primarily of dividend income earned on principal investments not accounted for under the equity method held by Blackstone, including investments accounted for under the fair value option. Other Revenue — Other Revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars.

Interest and Dividend Revenue

Other Revenue

Fair Value of Financial Instruments GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:   In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Blackstone’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

GAAP establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. Financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.

Financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:

[TABLE 386 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 387 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 388 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Blackstone’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.

1 64

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Level II Valuation Techniques Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, debt securities sold, not yet purchased and certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs. The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:   Level III Valuation Techniques In the absence of observable market prices, Blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. For some investments little market activity may exist; management’s determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management’s own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. Investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties and investments in non-consolidated CLO vehicles. Real Estate Investments — The fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs, among other measures and considerations. The methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method, where value is calculated by discounting the estimated cash flows and the estimated terminal value of the subject investment by the assumed buyer’s weighted-average cost of capital. A terminal value is derived by reference to an exit multiple, such as for estimates of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”), or a capitalization rate, such as for estimates of net operating income (“NOI”). Valuations may also be derived by the performance multiple or market approach, by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, dividing NOI by a relevant capitalization rate observed for comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables. Private Equity Investments — The fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, EBITDA, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. The methods used to estimate the fair value of private equity investments include the discounted cash flow method. Where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to EBITDA or price/earnings exit multiples. Valuations may also be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company, such as EBITDA, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods.

Level II Valuation Techniques

Financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, debt securities sold, not yet purchased and certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs.

The valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within Level II of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

[TABLE 389 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 390 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 391 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Level III Valuation Techniques

non-performance

non-consolidated

Real Estate Investments

Private Equity Investments

1 65

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Credit-Focused Investments — The fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. For credit-focused investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, Blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach. The discounted cash flow method projects the expected cash flows of the debt instrument based on contractual terms, and discounts such cash flows back to the valuation date using a market-based yield. The market-based yield is generally estimated using yields of publicly traded debt instruments issued by companies operating in similar industries as the subject investment or based on changes in credit spreads of a broader benchmark index applicable to a subject investment. The market approach is generally used to determine the enterprise value of the issuer of a credit investment, and considers valuation multiples of comparable companies or transactions. The resulting enterprise value will dictate whether or not such credit investment has adequate enterprise value coverage. In cases of distressed credit instruments, the market approach may be used to estimate a recovery value in the event of a restructuring.

Credit-Focused Investments

The market approach is generally used to determine the enterprise value of the issuer of a credit investment, and considers valuation multiples of comparable companies or transactions. The resulting enterprise value will dictate whether or not such credit investment has adequate enterprise value coverage. In cases of distressed credit instruments, the market approach may be used to estimate a recovery value in the event of a restructuring.

Investments, at Fair Value Generally, the Blackstone Funds are accounted for as investment companies in accordance with the GAAP guidance on investment companies, and under the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Audit and Accounting Guide, Investment Companies , and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments, at fair value. Such consolidated funds’ investments are reflected in Investments on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, at current market conditions (i.e., the exit price). Certain principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within Investment Income (Loss). For certain instruments, Blackstone has elected the fair value option. Such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition or other eligible election dates. Blackstone has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables, unfunded loan commitments and certain investments that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate and credit-focused investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue. Blackstone has elected the fair value option for the assets of consolidated CLO vehicles. As permitted under GAAP, Blackstone measures notes issued by consolidated CLO vehicles as (a) the sum of the fair value of the consolidated CLO assets and the carrying value of any non-financial assets held temporarily, less (b) the sum of the fair value of any beneficial interests retained by Blackstone (other than those that represent compensation for services) and Blackstone’s carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services. As a result of this measurement alternative, there is no attribution of amounts to Non-Controlling Interests for consolidated CLO vehicles. Assets of the consolidated CLOs are presented within Investments within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition and notes payable within Loans Payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties. Changes in the fair value of consolidated CLO assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income are presented within Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. Expenses of consolidated CLO vehicles are presented in Fund Expenses.

Investments, at Fair Value

Investment Companies

Certain principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within Investment Income (Loss).

For certain instruments, Blackstone has elected the fair value option. Such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition or other eligible election dates. Blackstone has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables, unfunded loan commitments and certain investments that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. The methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate and credit-focused investments. Changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. This interest income is recorded within Interest and Dividend Revenue.

non-financial

Non-Controlling

1 66

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Blackstone has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market, quoted prices that are published on a regular basis and are the basis for current transactions or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in Note 6. “Fair Value Option.” Blackstone may elect to measure certain proprietary investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values under the measurement alternative, which reflects cost less impairment, with adjustments in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of the same or a similar security from the same issuer. If the measurement alternative election is not made, the equity security is measured at fair value. The measurement alternative election is made on an instrument by instrument basis. The election is reassessed each reporting period to determine whether investments under the measurement alternative have readily determinable fair values, in which case they would no longer be eligible for this election. Certain investments of Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone funds are valued at NAV per share pursuant to the practical expedient. In limited circumstances, Blackstone may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, Blackstone will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP. The terms of the investee’s investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee’s fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date. Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.

Blackstone has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market, quoted prices that are published on a regular basis and are the basis for current transactions or using the discounted cash flow method. Changes in fair value are recognized in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in Note 6. “Fair Value Option.”

Blackstone may elect to measure certain proprietary investments in equity securities without readily determinable fair values under the measurement alternative, which reflects cost less impairment, with adjustments in value resulting from observable price changes arising from orderly transactions of the same or a similar security from the same issuer. If the measurement alternative election is not made, the equity security is measured at fair value. The measurement alternative election is made on an instrument by instrument basis. The election is reassessed each reporting period to determine whether investments under the measurement alternative have readily determinable fair values, in which case they would no longer be eligible for this election.

Certain investments of Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone funds are valued at NAV per share pursuant to the practical expedient. In limited circumstances, Blackstone may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that NAV per share does not represent fair value. In such circumstances, Blackstone will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.

lock-ups,

Security and loan transactions are recorded on a trade date basis.

Equity Method Investments Investments in which Blackstone is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting except in cases where the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone has significant influence over all Blackstone Funds in which it invests but does not consolidate. Therefore, its investments in such Blackstone Funds, which generally include both a proportionate and disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Equity Method Investments

Investments in which Blackstone is deemed to exert significant influence, but not control, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting except in cases where the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone has significant influence over all Blackstone Funds in which it invests but does not consolidate. Therefore, its investments in such Blackstone Funds, which generally include both a proportionate and disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is included in Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

1 67

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

In cases where Blackstone’s equity method investments provide for a disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the Accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner, or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. The carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Strategic Partners’ results presented in Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements are reported on a three-month lag from Strategic Partners’ fund financial statements, which report the performance of underlying investments generally on a same quarter basis, if available. Therefore, Strategic Partners’ results presented herein do not reflect the impact of economic and market activity in the current quarter. Current quarter market activity of Strategic Partners’ underlying investments is expected to affect Blackstone’s reported results in upcoming periods.

In cases where Blackstone’s equity method investments provide for a disproportionate allocation of the profits and losses (as is the case with funds that include a Performance Allocation), Blackstone’s share of earnings (losses) from equity method investments is determined using a balance sheet approach referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. Under the HLBV method, at the end of each reporting period, Blackstone calculates the Accrued Performance Allocations that would be due to Blackstone for each fund pursuant to the fund agreements as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. As the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as Accrued Performance Allocations to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner, or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to Blackstone to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to the Accrued Performance Allocation to the general partner. In each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the Accrued Performance Allocation on cumulative results compared to the Accrued Performance Allocation recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. Blackstone ceases to record negative Performance Allocations once previously Accrued Performance Allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. Blackstone is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative Performance Allocations over the life of a fund. The carrying amounts of equity method investments are reflected in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Strategic Partners’ results presented in Blackstone’s consolidated financial statements are reported on a three-month lag from Strategic Partners’ fund financial statements, which report the performance of underlying investments generally on a same quarter basis, if available. Therefore, Strategic Partners’ results presented herein do not reflect the impact of economic and market activity in the current quarter. Current quarter market activity of Strategic Partners’ underlying investments is expected to affect Blackstone’s reported results in upcoming periods.

Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and Cash Equivalents represents cash on hand, cash held in banks, money market funds and liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Interest income from cash and cash equivalents is recorded in Interest and Dividend Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general liquidity needs of Blackstone.

Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other

Cash Held by Blackstone Funds and Other represents cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated Blackstone Funds and other consolidated entities. Such amounts are not available to fund the general liquidity needs of Blackstone.

Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates is comprised of management and incentive fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from managed investment vehicles and portfolio companies, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to affiliates and to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are assessed periodically for collectability. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates

Accounts Receivable and Due from Affiliates is comprised of management and incentive fees receivable from limited partners, receivables from managed investment vehicles and portfolio companies, placement and advisory fees receivables, receivables relating to unsettled sale transactions and loans extended to affiliates and to unaffiliated third parties. Accounts Receivable, excluding those for which the fair value option has been elected, are assessed periodically for collectability. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged directly to General, Administrative and Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Intangibles and Goodwill

Blackstone’s intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees, Incentive Fees and Performance Allocations. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from five to twenty years , reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Fully amortized intangible assets remain on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position until they are no longer in use or have been disposed of. Amortization expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

Blackstone’s

intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees, Incentive Fees and Performance Allocations. Identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from

five

to

twenty years

,

reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. Fully amortized intangible assets remain on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position until they are no longer in use or have been disposed of. Amortization expense is included within General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

1 68

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of Blackstone’s predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its initial public offering (“IPO”) and the acquisitions of GSO Capital Partners LP in 2008, Strategic Partners in 2013, Harvest Fund Advisors LLC in 2017, Clarus Ventures LLC in 2018 and DCI LLC in 2020. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of Blackstone’s operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. The operating segments are considered the reporting units for testing the impairment of goodwill. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment’s fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, an impairment loss is recognized to the extent by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements consist primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, computer hardware and software and are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful economic lives, which for leasehold improvements, furniture and fittings and other fixed assets were the lesser of the lease term or the life of the asset, the lesser of seven years or the lease term, or three to five years , respectively. Fully depreciated assets remain on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position until they are no longer in use or have been disposed of. Blackstone evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements

Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements consist primarily of leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, computer hardware and software and are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the assets’ estimated useful economic lives, which for leasehold improvements, furniture and fittings and other fixed assets were the lesser of the lease term or the life of the asset, the lesser of

seven years

three

five years

, respectively. Fully depreciated assets remain on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position until they are no

longer in use or have been disposed of. Blackstone evaluates long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

Foreign Currency In the normal course of business, Blackstone may enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than United States dollars. Foreign exchange gains and losses arising on such transactions are recorded as Other Revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising within consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities. In addition, Blackstone consolidates a number of entities that have a non-U.S. dollar functional currency. Non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date and income, expenses, gains and losses are translated at the prevailing exchange rate on the dates that they were recorded. Cumulative translation adjustments arising from the translation of non-U.S. dollar denominated operations are recorded in Other Comprehensive Income and allocated to Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities and Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings, as applicable.

Foreign Currency

non-U.S.

Non-U.S.

non-U.S.

Non-Controlling

Comprehensive Income Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. Blackstone’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.

Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive Income consists of Net Income and Other Comprehensive Income. Blackstone’s Other Comprehensive Income is comprised of foreign currency cumulative translation adjustments.

1 69

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Compensation and Benefits Compensation and Benefits — Compensation — Compensation consists of (a) salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. Compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet criteria making them eligible for retirement (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from Blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. Cash settled equity-based awards and awards settled in a variable number of shares are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period. Compensation and Benefits — Incentive Fee Compensation — Incentive Fee Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Incentive Fees. Compensation and Benefits — Performance Allocations Compensation — Performance Allocation Compensation consists of compensation paid based on Performance Allocations (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind). Such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. Performance Allocations Compensation is generally based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. These amounts may also include allocations of investment income from Blackstone’s principal investments, to senior managing directors and employees participating in certain profit sharing initiatives.

Compensation and Benefits

Compensation

Compensation and Benefits — Incentive Fee Compensation —

Compensation and Benefits — Performance Allocations Compensation —

in-kind).

Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities represent the component of Equity in general partner entities and consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third-party investors and employees. The percentage interests in consolidated Blackstone Funds held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. Income (Loss) and other comprehensive income, if applicable, arising from the respective entities is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third-party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to Blackstone Inc.

Non-Controlling

non-controlling

Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Investors in certain consolidated vehicles may be granted redemption rights that allow for quarterly or monthly redemption, as outlined in the relevant governing documents. Such redemption rights may be subject to certain limitations, including limits on the aggregate amount of interests that may be redeemed in a given period, may only allow for redemption following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. As a result, amounts relating to third-party interests in such consolidated vehicles are presented as Redeemable Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. When redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. For all consolidated vehicles in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within Equity in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities.

Non-Controlling

non-controlling

Non-Controlling

Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings represent the component of Equity in the consolidated Blackstone Holdings Partnerships held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships.

Non-Controlling

1 7 0

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the Holdings Partnerships. Income (Loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the Holdings Partnerships, is attributable to Non-Controlling Interests in Blackstone Holdings. This residual attribution is based on the year-to-date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Unvested participating Holdings Partnership Units are excluded from the attribution in periods of loss as they are not contractually obligated to share in losses of the Holdings Partnerships.

Non-Controlling

Other Income Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include net realized gains (losses) from realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense and dividends attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds’ investments. Expenses incurred by consolidated Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other Income also includes amounts attributable to the Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability. See Note 14. “Income Taxes — Other Income — Change in the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability” for additional information.

Other Income

Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include net realized gains (losses) from realizations and sales of investments, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) resulting from changes in the fair value of investments and interest income and expense and dividends attributable to the consolidated Blackstone Funds’ investments.

Expenses incurred by consolidated Blackstone funds are separately presented within Fund Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Other Income also includes amounts attributable to the Reduction of the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability. See Note 14. “Income Taxes — Other Income — Change in the Tax Receivable Agreement Liability” for additional information.

Income Taxes Blackstone Inc. is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and thus is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes on Blackstone’s share of taxable income. The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-U.S. jurisdictions. Accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to New York City unincorporated business taxes or non-U.S. income taxes. In addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone and the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to Blackstone’s share of this income tax is reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Cash paid for transferrable tax credits is reflected in Payments for Income Taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Provision for Income Taxes Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, resulting in all pretax amounts being appropriately tax effected in the period, irrespective of which tax return year items will be reflected. Blackstone reports interest expense and tax penalties related to income tax matters in provision for income taxes. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Deferred tax assets are separately stated, and deferred tax liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities in the consolidated financial statements.

Income Taxes

non-U.S.

Provision for Income Taxes

Income taxes are provided for using the asset and liability method under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, resulting in all pretax amounts being appropriately tax effected in the period, irrespective of which tax return year items will be reflected. Blackstone reports interest expense and tax penalties related to income tax matters in provision for income taxes.

Deferred Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. These temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years and are measured using the tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Deferred tax assets are separately stated, and deferred tax liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses, and Other Liabilities in the consolidated financial statements.

1 71

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Unrecognized Tax Benefits Blackstone recognizes tax positions in the consolidated financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A liability is established for differences between positions taken in the return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reported on the related liability line in the consolidated financial statements.

Unrecognized Tax Benefits

Blackstone recognizes tax positions in the consolidated financial statements when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized on settlement. A liability is established for differences between positions taken in the return and amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are reported on the related liability line in the consolidated financial statements.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock Basic Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Blackstone Inc. by the weighted-average shares of common stock, unvested participating shares of common stock outstanding for the period and vested deferred restricted shares of common stock that have been earned for which issuance of the related shares of common stock is deferred until future periods. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock reflects the impact of all dilutive securities. Unvested participating shares of common stock are excluded from the computation in periods of loss as they are not contractually obligated to share in losses. Blackstone applies the treasury stock method to determine the dilutive weighted-average common shares outstanding for certain equity-based compensation awards. Blackstone applies the “if-converted” method to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to determine the dilutive impact, if any, of the exchange right included in the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. Blackstone applies the contingently issuable share model to contracts that may require the issuance of shares.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock

Basic Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock is calculated by dividing Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Blackstone Inc. by the weighted-average shares of common stock, unvested participating shares of common stock outstanding for the period and vested deferred restricted shares of common stock that have been earned for which issuance of the related shares of common stock is deferred until future periods. Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share of Common Stock reflects the impact of all dilutive securities. Unvested participating shares of common stock are excluded from the computation in periods of loss as they are not contractually obligated to share in losses.

“if-converted”

Reverse Repurchase and Repurchase Agreements Securities purchased under agreements to resell (“reverse repurchase agreements”) and securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), generally comprised of U.S. and non-U.S. government and agency securities, asset backed securities and corporate debt, represent collateralized financing transactions. Such transactions are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at their contractual amounts and include accrued interest. The carrying value of reverse repurchase and repurchase agreements approximates fair value. Blackstone manages credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties that provide Blackstone, in the event of a counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations. Blackstone takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or otherwise use such securities. Blackstone also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to repurchase agreements are included in Note 9. “Repurchase Agreements.” Blackstone does not offset assets and liabilities relating to reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”

Reverse Repurchase and Repurchase Agreements

non-U.S.

Blackstone manages credit exposure arising from reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements by, in appropriate circumstances, entering into master netting agreements and collateral arrangements with counterparties that provide Blackstone, in the event of a counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.

Blackstone takes possession of securities purchased under reverse repurchase agreements and is permitted to repledge, deliver or otherwise use such securities. Blackstone also pledges its financial instruments to counterparties to collateralize repurchase agreements. Financial instruments pledged that can be repledged, delivered or otherwise used by the counterparty are recorded in Investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to repurchase agreements are included in Note 9. “Repurchase Agreements.”

Blackstone does not offset assets and liabilities relating to reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Additional disclosures relating to offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”

1 72

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased consist of equity and debt securities that Blackstone has borrowed and sold. Blackstone is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by purchasing the security at prevailing market prices and delivering it to the counterparty from which it borrowed the security. Blackstone is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to be purchased to cover a short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short. Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased are recorded at fair value within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased

Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased consist of equity and debt securities that Blackstone has borrowed and sold. Blackstone is required to “cover” its short sale in the future by purchasing the security at prevailing market prices and delivering it to the counterparty from which it borrowed the security. Blackstone is exposed to loss in the event that the price at which a security may have to be purchased to cover a short sale exceeds the price at which the borrowed security was sold short.

Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased are recorded at fair value within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Derivative Instruments Blackstone recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. On the date Blackstone enters into a derivative contract, it designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding derivative”). For freestanding derivative contracts, Blackstone presents changes in fair value in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by Blackstone, within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Investments, the fair value of freestanding derivative assets that are not part of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Other Assets and the fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Blackstone has elected to not offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is in place that provides Blackstone, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations. Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 5. “Derivative Financial Instruments.” Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”

Derivative Instruments

Blackstone recognizes all derivatives as assets or liabilities on its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at fair value. On the date Blackstone enters into a derivative contract, it designates and documents each derivative contract as one of the following: (a) a hedge of a recognized asset or liability (“fair value hedge”), (b) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or of the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability (“cash flow hedge”), (c) a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation, or (d) a derivative instrument not designated as a hedging instrument (“freestanding derivative”).

For freestanding derivative contracts, Blackstone presents changes in fair value in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments held by consolidated Blackstone Funds are reflected in Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities or, where derivative instruments are held by Blackstone, within Investment Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of freestanding derivative assets of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Investments, the fair value of freestanding derivative assets that are not part of the consolidated Blackstone Funds are recorded within Other Assets and the fair value of freestanding derivative liabilities are recorded within Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

Blackstone has elected to not offset derivative assets and liabilities or financial assets in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, including cash, that may be received or paid as part of collateral arrangements, even when an enforceable master netting agreement is in place that provides Blackstone, in the event of counterparty default, the right to liquidate collateral and the right to offset a counterparty’s rights and obligations.

Blackstone’s other disclosures regarding derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 5. “Derivative Financial Instruments.”

Blackstone’s disclosures regarding offsetting are discussed in Note 11. “Offsetting of Assets and Liabilities.”

Leases Blackstone determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the arrangement. Blackstone primarily enters into operating leases, as the lessee, for office space. Operating leases are included in Right-of-Use (“ROU”) Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. ROU Assets and Operating Lease Liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. Blackstone determines the present value of the lease payments using an incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the inception date. Leases may include options to extend or terminate the lease which are included in the ROU Assets and Operating Lease Liability when they are reasonably certain of exercise.

Leases

Right-of-Use

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Certain leases include lease and nonlease components, which are accounted for as one single lease component. Occupancy lease agreements, in addition to contractual rent payments, generally include additional payments for certain costs incurred by the landlord, such as building expenses and utilities. To the extent these are fixed or determinable, they are included as part of the minimum lease payments used to measure the Operating Lease Liability. Operating lease expense associated with minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. When additional payments are based on usage or vary based on other factors, they are expensed when incurred as variable lease expense.

Minimum lease payments for leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. Blackstone recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Additional disclosures relating to leases are discussed in Note 13. “Leases.”

Affiliates Blackstone considers its Founder, senior managing directors, employees, the Blackstone Funds and the portfolio companies to be affiliates.

Affiliates

Blackstone considers its Founder, senior managing directors, employees, the Blackstone Funds and the portfolio companies to be affiliates.

Dividends Dividends are reflected in the consolidated financial statements when declared.

Dividends

Dividends are reflected in the consolidated financial statements when declared.

Recent Accounting Developments In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued amended guidance addressing income tax disclosures. The guidance requires greater disaggregation of information in the effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosure. The new guidance was effective for Blackstone for the year ended December 31, 2025, and was adopted on a prospective basis. Adoption of the amended guidance resulted only in changes to presentation and disclosure. Related disclosures are included within Note 14. “Income Taxes.”

Recent Accounting Developments

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued amended guidance addressing income tax disclosures. The guidance requires greater disaggregation of information in the effective income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid disclosure. The new guidance was effective for Blackstone for the year ended December 31, 2025, and was adopted on a prospective basis. Adoption of the amended guidance resulted only in changes to presentation and disclosure. Related disclosures are included within Note 14. “Income Taxes.”

[TABLE 392 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

value of Goodwill was $

1.9

billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, Blackstone determined there was no evidence of Goodwill impairment.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, Goodwill has been allocated to each of Blackstone’s four segments as follows: Real Estate ($ 421.7 million), Private Equity ($ 870.0 million), Credit & Insurance ($ 366.7 million) and Multi-Asset Investing ($ 231.8 million).

At December

31, 2025 and 2024, Goodwill has been allocated to each of Blackstone’s

four

segments as follows: Real Estate ($

421.7

million), Private Equity ($

870.0

million), Credit & Insurance ($

366.7

million) and Multi-Asset Investing ($

231.8

million).

Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:

[TABLE 393 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 74

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Changes in Blackstone’s Intangible Assets, Net consists of the following:

[TABLE 394 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Amortization

of Intangible Assets held at December 31, 2025 is expected to be $ 36.1

million, $

35.1

million, $

18.2

million, $

17.0

million and $

14.0

million for each of the years ending December 31, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030, respectively. Blackstone’s Intangible Assets as of December 31, 2025 are expected to amortize over a weighted-average period of

4.5

years.

[TABLE 395 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Investments consist of the following:

[TABLE 396 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone’s share of Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds totaled $ 472.7 million and $ 439.7 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.

Blackstone’s

share of Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds totaled $ 472.7

million and $

439.7

million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.

Where appropriate, the accounting for Blackstone’s investments incorporates the changes in fair value of those investments as determined under GAAP. The significant inputs and assumptions required to determine the change in fair value of the investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds, Corporate Treasury Investments and Other Investments are discussed in more detail in Note 7. “Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments.”

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds

The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on investments held by the consolidated Blackstone Funds and a reconciliation to Other Income (Loss) — Net Gains (Losses) from Fund Investment Activities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations:

[TABLE 397 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Equity Method Investments Blackstone’s equity method investments include Partnership Investments, which represent the pro-rata investments, and any associated Accrued Performance Allocations, in Blackstone Funds, excluding any equity method investments for which the fair value option has been elected. Blackstone evaluates each of its equity method investments, excluding Accrued Performance Allocations, to determine if any were significant as defined by guidance from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. As of and for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no individual equity method investment held by Blackstone met the significance criteria.

Equity Method Investments

pro-rata

Partnership Investments Blackstone recognized net gains related to its Partnership Investments accounted for under the equity method of $ 800.7 million, $ 605.4 million and $ 245.8 million for the years ended December 31 , 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Partnership Investments

Blackstone

recognized net gains related to its Partnership Investments accounted for under the equity method of $

800.7

million, $

605.4

million and $

245.8

million for the years ended December 31

, 2025

, 2024

and 2023

, respectively.

1 76

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The summarized financial information of Blackstone’s equity method investments for December 31, 2025 are as follows:

[TABLE 398 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

17 7

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The summarized financial information of Blackstone’s equity method investments for December 31, 2024 are as follows:

[TABLE 399 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The summarized financial information of Blackstone’s equity method investments for December 31, 2023 are as follows:

[TABLE 400 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Accrued Performance Allocations

Accrued Performance Allocations to Blackstone were as follows:

[TABLE 401 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Corporate Treasury Investments The portion of corporate treasury investments included in Investments represents Blackstone’s investments into primarily fixed income securities, mutual fund interests, and other fund interests. These strategies are managed by a combination of Blackstone personnel and third-party advisors. The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on these investments:

Corporate Treasury Investments

The portion of corporate treasury investments included in Investments represents Blackstone’s investments into primarily fixed income securities, mutual fund interests, and other fund interests. These strategies are managed by a combination of Blackstone personnel and third-party advisors. The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on these investments:

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 402 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Other Investments

non-consolidated

459.6

million as of December 31, 2025. In the period of acquisition and upon remeasurement in connection with an observable transaction, such investments are reported at fair value. See Note 7. “Fair Value Measurements of Financial Instruments” for additional detail. Upward and downward adjustments related to such investments held as of December 31, 2025 were $

86.9

million and $

9.2

million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2025, and $

287.2

million and $

19.3

million on a cumulative basis since the inception of the investments, respectively.

The following table presents Blackstone’s Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) in Other Investments:

[TABLE 403 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into derivative contracts in the normal course of business to achieve certain risk management objectives and for general investment and business purposes. Blackstone may enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its interest rate risk exposure against the effects of interest rate changes. Additionally, Blackstone may also enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge its foreign currency risk exposure against the effects of a portion of its non-U.S. dollar denominated currency net investments. As a result of the use of derivative contracts, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds are exposed to the risk that counterparties will fail to fulfill their contractual obligations. To mitigate such counterparty risk, Blackstone and the consolidated Blackstone Funds enter into contracts with certain major financial institutions, all of which have investment grade ratings. Counterparty credit risk is evaluated in determining the fair value of derivative instruments. Freestanding Derivatives Freestanding derivatives are instruments that Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options, futures and other derivative contracts.

[TABLE 404 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

non-U.S.

Freestanding Derivatives

Freestanding derivatives are instruments that Blackstone and certain of the consolidated Blackstone Funds have entered into as part of their overall risk management and investment strategies. These derivative contracts are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Such contracts may include interest rate swaps, foreign exchange contracts, equity swaps, options, futures and other derivative contracts.

1 80

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The table below summarizes the aggregate notional amount and fair value of the derivative financial instruments. The notional amount represents the absolute value amount of all outstanding derivative contracts.

[TABLE 405 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The table below summarizes the impact to the Consolidated Statements of Operations from derivative financial instruments:

[TABLE 406 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

hedges

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 407 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following table summarizes the financial instruments for which the fair value option has been elected:

[TABLE 408 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 82

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table presents the Realized and Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) on financial instruments on which the fair value option was elected:

[TABLE 409 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following table presents information for those financial instruments for which the fair value option was elected:

[TABLE 410 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 411 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

As of December

31, 2025 and 2024,

no

non-accrual

no

non-accrual

two

non-accrual

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 412 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Financial Assets and Liabilities by the Fair Value Hierarchy

The following tables summarize the valuation of Blackstone’s financial assets and liabilities by the fair value hierarchy:

[TABLE 413 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 8 4

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 414 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

LLC Limited Liability Company.

[TABLE 415 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 416 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 85

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 417 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 418 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 419 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 420 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 421 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Equity Securities Subject to Sale Restrictions Within Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds and Other Investments, Blackstone held equity securities subject to sale restrictions with a fair value of $ 559.1 million as of December 31, 2025. The nature of such restrictions are contractual or legal in nature and deemed an attribute of the holder rather than the investment. Contractual restrictions include (a) certain phased restrictions on sale or transfer, (b) underwriter lock-ups and (c) sale or transfer restrictions applicable to certain Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds pledged as collateral. Restrictions will generally lapse over time or after a predetermined date and the weighted-average remaining duration of such restrictions is 1.7 years. Level III equity securities included in Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds are illiquid and privately negotiated in nature and may also be subject to contractual sale or transfer restrictions including those pursuant to their respective governing or similar agreements. Investments within Other Investments subject to restrictions on sale or transfer as a result of pledge arrangements are discussed in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Strategic Ventures.”

Equity Securities Subject to Sale Restrictions

Within

Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds and Other Investments, Blackstone held equity securities subject to sale restrictions with a fair value of $

million as of December 31, 2025. The nature of such restrictions are contractual or legal in nature and deemed an attribute of the holder rather than the investment. Contractual restrictions include (a) certain phased restrictions on sale or transfer, (b) underwriter

1.7

years. Level III equity securities included in Investments of Consolidated Blackstone Funds are illiquid and privately negotiated in nature and may also be subject to contractual sale or transfer restrictions including those pursuant to their respective governing or similar agreements. Investments within Other Investments subject to restrictions on sale or transfer as a result of pledge arrangements are discussed in Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Strategic Ventures.”

1 86

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Level III Quantitative Inputs and Assumptions

The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2025. Consistent with presentation in these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, this table presents the Level III Investments only of Consolidated Blackstone Funds and therefore does not reflect any other Blackstone Funds.

[TABLE 422 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 87

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table summarizes the quantitative inputs and assumptions used for items categorized in Level III of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2024:

[TABLE 423 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

During the year ended December 31, 2025, there have been no changes in valuation techniques within Level II and Level III that have had a material impact on the valuation of financial instruments.

[TABLE 424 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

During the year ended December 31, 2025, there have been no changes in valuation techniques within Level II and Level III that have had a material impact on the valuation of financial instruments.

1 88

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Rollforward of Level III Financial Assets and Liabilities

non-recurring

[TABLE 425 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 426 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 427 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 428 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 429 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, Blackstone consolidates certain VIEs for which it is the primary beneficiary either directly or indirectly, through a consolidated entity or affiliate. VIEs include certain private equity, real estate, credit-focused or funds of hedge funds entities and CLO vehicles. The purpose of such VIEs is to provide strategy specific investment opportunities for investors in exchange for management and performance-based fees. The investment strategies of the Blackstone Funds differ by product; however, the fundamental risks of the Blackstone Funds are similar, including loss of invested capital and loss of management fees and performance-based fees. In Blackstone’s role as general partner, collateral manager or investment adviser, it generally considers itself the sponsor of the applicable Blackstone Fund. Blackstone does not provide performance guarantees and has no other financial obligation to provide funding to consolidated VIEs other than its own capital commitments. The assets of consolidated variable interest entities may only be used to settle obligations of these entities. In addition, there is no recourse to Blackstone for the consolidated VIEs’ liabilities. Blackstone holds variable interests in certain VIEs which are not consolidated as it is determined that Blackstone is not the primary beneficiary. Blackstone’s involvement with such entities is in the form of direct and indirect equity interests and fee arrangements. The maximum exposure to loss represents the loss of assets recognized by Blackstone relating to non-consolidated VIEs and any clawback obligation relating to previously distributed Performance Allocations. Blackstone’s maximum exposure to loss relating to non-consolidated VIEs was as follows:

[TABLE 430 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Pursuant to GAAP consolidation guidance, Blackstone consolidates certain VIEs for which it is the primary beneficiary either directly or indirectly, through a consolidated entity or affiliate. VIEs include certain private equity, real estate, credit-focused or funds of hedge funds entities and CLO vehicles. The purpose of such VIEs is to provide strategy specific investment opportunities for investors in exchange for management and performance-based fees. The investment strategies of the Blackstone Funds differ by product; however, the fundamental risks of the Blackstone Funds are similar, including loss of invested capital and loss of management fees and performance-based fees. In Blackstone’s role as general partner, collateral manager or investment adviser, it generally considers itself the sponsor of the applicable Blackstone Fund. Blackstone does not provide performance guarantees and has no other financial obligation to provide funding to consolidated VIEs other than its own capital commitments.

The assets of consolidated variable interest entities may only be used to settle obligations of these entities. In addition, there is no recourse to Blackstone for the consolidated VIEs’ liabilities.

non-consolidated

[TABLE 431 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

As of December 31, 2025, Blackstone pledged securities with a carrying value of $ 289.2 million. As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone pledged securities with a carrying value of $ 6.8 million.

[TABLE 432 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

As of December

31, 2025, Blackstone pledged securities with a carrying value of $

289.2

million. As of December 31, 2024, Blackstone pledged securities with a carrying value of $

6.8

million.

1 90

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table provides information regarding Blackstone’s Repurchase Agreements obligation by type of collateral pledged as of December 31, 2025.

[TABLE 433 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 434 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Other Assets consists of the following:

[TABLE 435 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Other Assets consists of the following:

[TABLE 436 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Depreciation expense of $ 98.0 million, $ 98.8 million and $ 94.1 million related to furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, is included in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Depreciation

expense of $ 98.0

million, $

98.8

million and $

94.1

million related to furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, is included in General, Administrative and Other in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 437 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following tables present the offsetting of assets and liabilities as of December 31 , 2025 and 2024:

[TABLE 438 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 439 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 440 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

1 92

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

Wher

[TABLE 441 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 442 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Repurchase Agreements and Freestanding Derivative liabilities are included in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Freestanding Derivative assets are included in Other Assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. See Note 10. “Other Assets” for the components of Other Assets.

Notional Pooling Arrangements

Blackstone

has notional cash pooling arrangements with financial institutions for cash management purposes. These arrangements allow for cash withdrawals based upon aggregate cash balances on deposit at the same financial institution. Cash withdrawals cannot exceed aggregate cash balances on deposit. The net balance of cash on deposit and overdrafts is used as a basis for calculating net interest expense or income. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate cash balance on deposit relating to the cash pooling arrangements was $

781.0

se

780.9

million.

[TABLE 443 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

On October

December 15, 2028

to

October 16, 2030

and increase the aggregate required minimum amount of fee generating assets under management.

On November

3, 2025, Blackstone, through its subsidiary Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C., issued $

million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due November 3, 2030 (the “Registered 2030 Notes”), and $

S-3.

4.300

% per annum, and the Registered 2036 Notes have an interest rate of

4.950

%. The Registered Notes accrue interest from November 3, 2025. Interest on the Registered 2030 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on May 3 and November 3 of each year commencing on May 3, 2026. Interest on the Registered 2036 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year commencing on February 15, 2026.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

All of Blackstone’s outstanding senior notes as of December 31, 2025 are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Blackstone Holdings Finance Co. L.L.C. or Blackstone Reg Finance Co. L.L.C. (together, the “Issuers”), as applicable, both indirect subsidiaries of Blackstone, that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Blackstone Inc. and its indirect subsidiaries, Blackstone Holdings I L.P., Blackstone Holdings AI L.P., Blackstone Holdings II L.P., Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. (the “Guarantors”). The guarantees are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantors. Transaction costs related to senior note issuances have been capitalized and are amortized over the life of each respective note issuance. Blackstone borrows and enters into credit agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the borrowing fund and not available for other Blackstone purposes. Blackstone’s credit facilities consist of the following:

and

Blackstone borrows and enters into credit agreements for its general operating and investment purposes and certain Blackstone Funds borrow to meet financing needs of their operating and investing activities. Borrowing facilities have been established for the benefit of selected Blackstone Funds. When a Blackstone Fund borrows from the facility in which it participates, the proceeds from the borrowing are strictly limited for its intended use by the borrowing fund and not available for other Blackstone purposes. Blackstone’s credit facilities consist of the following:

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 444 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 445 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 446 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 447 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 448 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 449 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

semi-annual

Blackstone

Notes

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 450 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 451 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 452 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Scheduled principal payments for borrowings at December 31, 2025 were as follows:

[TABLE 453 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

13. Leases

non-cancelable

The components of lease expense were as follows:

[TABLE 454 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 455 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 456 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:

[TABLE 457 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table shows the undiscounted cash flows on an annual basis for Operating Lease Liabilities as of December 31, 2025:

[TABLE 458 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 459 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

14. Income Taxes

The Income Before Provision for Taxes consists of the following:

[TABLE 460 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The Provision for Taxes consists of the following:

[TABLE 461 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table reconciles the effective income tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate:

[TABLE 462 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 463 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 464 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may exist between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A summary of the tax effects of the temporary differences is as follows: 200

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences that may exist between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. A summary of the tax effects of the temporary differences is as follows:

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 465 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The increase in the Net Deferred tax Assets for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was primarily due to recognition of additional tax basis in certain assets and recording corresponding deferred tax benefits related to quarterly exchanges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership units for common shares of Blackstone Inc. Realization of deferred tax assets depends on the expectation and character of future taxable income. Blackstone has no significant net operating losses carryforward as of December 31, 2025. Blackstone has determined that deferred tax assets recorded during the period primarily related to certain state and local tax credits are not more likely than not to be realized and therefore has established a valuation allowance of $ 35.4 million as of December 31, 2025.

The increase in the Net Deferred tax Assets for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, was primarily due to recognition of additional tax basis in certain assets and recording corresponding deferred tax benefits related to quarterly exchanges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership units for common shares of Blackstone Inc. Realization of deferred tax assets depends on the expectation and character of future taxable income. Blackstone has no significant net operating losses carryforward as of December 31, 2025.

Blackstone has determined that deferred tax assets recorded during the period primarily related to certain state and local tax credits are not more likely than not to be realized and therefore has established a valuation allowance of $

35.4

million as of December 31, 2025.

In evaluating the ability to realize deferred tax assets, Blackstone among other things, considers projections of taxable income (including character of such income), beginning with historic results and incorporating assumptions of the amount of future pretax operating income. These assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates that Blackstone uses to manage its business. To the extent any portion of the deferred tax assets are not considered to be more likely than not to be realized, valuation allowances are recorded.

Currently, Blackstone does not believe it meets the indefinite reversal criteria that would preclude Blackstone from recognizing a deferred tax liability with respect to its foreign subsidiaries. Therefore, if applicable Blackstone recorded a deferred tax liability for any outside basis difference of an investment in a foreign subsidiary.

Blackstone files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In the normal course of business, Blackstone is subject to examination by federal and certain state, local and foreign tax authorities. As of December 31, 2025, the most material jurisdictions where Blackstone entities are under active examination are New York State and City. The following are the major filing jurisdictions and their respective earliest open period subject to

examination:

[TABLE 466 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) The Cash Payments for Income Taxes consists of the following:

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The Cash Payments for Income Taxes consists of the following:

[TABLE 467 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:

[TABLE 468 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone’s unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, were:

[TABLE 469 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

If recognized, the above tax benefits would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone believes the liability established for unrecognized tax benefits is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2025; however, it is not possible to estimate the expected change to the total unrecognized tax benefits and its impact on Blackstone’s effective tax rate during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2025. The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone accrued no penalties and accrued interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits of $ 33.9 million, $ 29.1 million and $ 22.8 million, respectively.

If recognized, the above tax benefits would reduce the annual effective rate. Blackstone believes the liability established for unrecognized tax benefits is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. It is reasonably possible that significant changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2025; however, it is not possible to estimate the expected change to the total unrecognized tax benefits and its impact on Blackstone’s effective tax rate during the twelve months subsequent to December 31, 2025.

The unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition.

During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone accrued no penalties and accrued interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits of $

33.9

million, $

29.1

million and $

22.8

million, respectively.

Other Income — Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability In 2025 and 2024, the $ 6.6 million and $ ( 41.2 ) million, respectively, Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily attributable to a change in Blackstone’s state tax apportionment.

Other Income — Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability

In 2025 and 2024, the $

6.6

million and $

( 41.2

) million, respectively, Change in Tax Receivable Agreement Liability was primarily attributable to a change in Blackstone’s state tax apportionment.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

15. Earnings Per Share and Stockholders’ Equity Earnings Per Share

15. Earnings Per Share and Stockholders’ Equity

Earnings Per Share

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was calculated as follows:

[TABLE 470 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 471 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 472 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

In computing the dilutive effect that the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units would have on Net Income Per Share of Common Stock, Blackstone considered that net income available to holders of shares of common stock would increase due to the elimination of non-controlling interests in Blackstone Holdings, inclusive of any tax impact. The hypothetical conversion may be dilutive to the extent there is activity at the Blackstone Inc. level that has not previously been attributed to the non-controlling interests or if there is a change in tax rate as a result of a hypothetical conversion.

non-controlling

The following table summarizes the anti-dilutive securities for the periods indicated:

[TABLE 473 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Stockholders’ Equity

As of December 31 , 2025 , Blackstone had 10 billion shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of $ 0.00001 per share, of which (a) 999,999,000 shares are designated as Series I preferred stock and (b) 1,000 shares are designated as Series II preferred stock. The remaining nine billion shares may be designated from time to time in accordance with Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation. There was one share of Series I preferred stock and one share of Series II preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31 , 2025 .

As of December 31

, 2025

, Blackstone had

billion shares of preferred stock authorized with a par value of $

0.00001

per share, of which (a)

999,999,000

shares are designated as Series I preferred stock and (b)

1,000

shares are designated as Series II preferred stock. The remaining

nine

billion shares may be designated from time to time in accordance with Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation. There was

one

share of Series I preferred stock and

one

share of Series II preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31

, 2025

.

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) Under Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, holders of Blackstone’s common stock are entitled to vote, together with holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock, voting as a single class, on a number of significant matters, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of Blackstone’s assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, the removal of the Series II Preferred Stockholder and forced transfer by the Series II Preferred Stockholder of its shares of Series II preferred stock and the designation of a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder. The Series II Preferred Stockholder elects Blackstone’s directors. Holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock are not entitled to dividends from Blackstone, or receipt of any of Blackstone’s assets in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up. Blackstone Partners L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series I preferred stock and Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series II preferred stock.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Under Blackstone’s certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, holders of Blackstone’s common stock are entitled to vote, together with holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock, voting as a single class, on a number of significant matters, including certain sales, exchanges or other dispositions of all or substantially all of Blackstone’s assets, a merger, consolidation or other business combination, the removal of the Series II Preferred Stockholder and forced transfer by the Series II Preferred Stockholder of its shares of Series II preferred stock and the designation of a successor Series II Preferred Stockholder. The Series II Preferred Stockholder elects Blackstone’s directors. Holders of Blackstone’s Series I preferred stock and Series II preferred stock are not entitled to dividends from Blackstone, or receipt of any of Blackstone’s assets in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up. Blackstone Partners L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series I preferred stock and Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the sole holder of the Series II preferred stock.

Share Repurchase Program

On July 16

, 2024

, Blackstone’s board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $

2.0

billion of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. This authorization replaced Blackstone’s prior $

2.0 billion repurchase authorization. Under the repurchase program, repurchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing and the actual numbers repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. The repurchase program may be changed, suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date.

During the year ended December 31

, 2023

, Blackstone repurchased

3.7

million shares of common stock at a total cost of $

351.3

million. During the year ended December 31

, 2024

, Blackstone repurchased

4.0

million shares of common stock at a total cost of $

520.4

million. During the year ended December 31

, 2025

, Blackstone repurchased

0.8

million shares of common stock at a total cost of $

122.6

million. As of December 31

, 2025

, the amount remaining available for repurchases under the program was $

1.7 billion.

Shares Eligible for Dividends and Distributions

As of December 31, 2025, the total shares of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units entitled to participate in dividends and distributions were as follows:

[TABLE 474 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 475 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

non-partner

non-professionals

Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”). The Equity Plan allows for the granting of options, share appreciation rights or other share-based awards (shares, restricted shares, restricted shares of common stock, deferred restricted shares of common stock, phantom restricted shares of common stock or other share-based awards based in whole or in part on the fair value of shares of common stock or Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units) which may contain certain service or performance requirements. As of January 1

, 2025

, Blackstone had the ability to grant

174,967,230

shares under the Equity Plan.

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) For the years ended December 31 , 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , Blackstone recorded compensation expense of $ 1.4 billion, $ 1.2 billion and $ 987.5 million, respectively, in relation to its equity-based awards with corresponding tax benefits of $ 309.7 million, $ 298.2 million and $ 183.4 million, respectively.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

For the years ended December 31

, 2025

, 2024

and 2023

, Blackstone recorded compensation expense of $

1.4

billion, $

1.2

billion and $

987.5

million, respectively, in relation to its equity-based awards with corresponding tax benefits of $

309.7

million, $

298.2

million and $

183.4

million, respectively.

As of December 31 , 2025 , there was $ 2.6 billion of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested awards, including compensation with performance conditions where it is probable that the performance condition will be met. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.4 years.

As of December 31

, 2025

, there was $

2.6

billion of estimated unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested awards, including compensation with performance conditions where it is probable that the performance condition will be met. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of

3.4

years.

Total vested and unvested outstanding shares, including common stock, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted shares of common stock, were 1,228,831,817 as of December 31 , 2025 . Total outstanding phantom shares were 81,112 as of December 31 , 2025 .

Total vested and unvested outstanding shares, including common stock, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and deferred restricted shares of common stock, were 1,228,831,817

as of December 31

, 2025

. Total outstanding phantom shares were

81,112

as of December 31

, 2025

.

A summary of the status of Blackstone’s unvested equity-based awards as of December 31, 2025 and of changes during the period January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025 is presented below:

[TABLE 476 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Shares/Units Expected to Vest The following unvested shares and units, after expected forfeitures, as of December 31, 2025, are expected to vest :

Shares/Units Expected to Vest

vest

[TABLE 477 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 478 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Deferred Restricted Shares of Common Stock and Phantom Shares Blackstone has granted deferred restricted shares of common stock to certain senior and non-senior managing director professionals, analysts and senior finance and administrative personnel and selected external advisers and phantom shares (cash settled equity-based awards) to other senior and non-senior managing director employees. Holders of deferred restricted shares of common stock and phantom shares are not entitled to any voting rights. Only phantom shares are to be settled in cash. Deferred restricted shares of common stock where the number of shares have not been set a re liability classified and excluded from the above tables.

Deferred Restricted Shares of Common Stock and Phantom Shares

non-senior

re

and

the

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The fair values of deferred restricted shares of common stock have been derived based on the closing price of common stock on the date of the grant, m ultipli ed by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 5 years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based on historical turnover rates, ranging from 1.0 % to 13.4 % annually by employee class, and a per share discount on non-participating shares, ranging from $ 1.07 to $ 24.23 .

ultipli

years. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes forfeiture rates based on historical turnover rates, ranging from

1.0

% to

13.4

non-participating

1.07

to $

24.23

.

The phantom shares vest over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1 to 5 years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom shares held multiplied by the then fair market value of Blackstone’s common stock on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate based on historical turnover rates, ranging from 7.4 % to 13.4 % annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a liability.

The phantom shares vest over the assumed service period, which ranges from 1

to

years. On each such vesting date, Blackstone delivered or will deliver cash to the holder in an amount equal to the number of phantom shares held multiplied by the then fair market value of Blackstone’s common stock on such date. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate based on historical turnover rates, ranging from

7.4

% to

13.4

% annually by employee class. Blackstone is accounting for these cash settled awards as a liability.

Blackstone paid $ 3.2 million, $ 3.9 million and $ 1.7 million to employees in settlement of phantom shares for the years ended December 31 , 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively.

Blackstone paid $ 3.2

million, $

3.9

million and $

1.7

million to employees in settlement of phantom shares for the years ended December 31

, 2025

, 2024

and 2023

, respectively.

Performance-Based Compensation

During the year ended December 31

, 2021

30 -day

Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Blackstone has granted deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to certain current and former senior managing directors. Holders of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are not entitled to any voting rights. The fair values of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate of 7.4 %, based on historical data. As of December 31, 2025, substantially all service conditions associated with Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units had been satisfied, and the remaining units, which were unvested as of that date, fully vested on January 1, 2026 .

Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units

Blackstone has granted deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to certain current and former senior managing directors. Holders of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units are not entitled to any voting rights.

The fair values of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units have been derived based on the closing price of Blackstone’s common units on the date of the grant, multiplied by the number of unvested awards and expensed over the assumed service period. Additionally, the calculation of the compensation expense assumes a forfeiture rate of 7.4 %, based on historical data.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

17. Related Party Transactions

Affiliate Receivables and Payables Due from Affiliates and Due to Affiliates consisted of the following:

Affiliate Receivables and Payables

Due from Affiliates and Due to Affiliates consisted of the following:

[TABLE 479 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 480 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Interests of the Founder, Senior Managing Directors, Employees and Other Related Parties

The Founder, senior managing directors, employees and certain other related parties invest on a discretionary basis in the consolidated Blackstone Funds both directly and through consolidated entities. These investments generally are subject to preferential management fee and performance allocation or incentive fee arrangements. As of December 31

, 2025

and 2024

, such investments aggregated to $

2.2

billion and $

2.0

Non-Controlling

187.0

million, $

176.0

million and $

87.8

million for the years ended December 31

, 2025

, 2024

and 2023

, respectively.

Contingent Repayment Guarantee

non-controlling

ge

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Tax Receivable Agreements

one-for-one

Blackstone has entered into tax receivable agreements with each of the predecessor owners. In addition, others who acquire Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, including senior managing directors, execute tax receivable agreements. The agreements provide for the payment by the corporate taxpayer to such owners of

% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the corporate taxpayers actually realize as a result of the aforementioned increases in tax basis and of certain other tax benefits related to entering into these tax receivable agreements. For purposes of the tax receivable agreements, cash savings in income tax will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of the corporate taxpayers to the amount of such taxes that the corporate taxpayers would have been required to pay had there been no

increase to the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Blackstone Holdings as a result of the exchanges and had the corporate taxpayers not entered into the tax receivable agreements.

Assuming no

future material changes in the relevant tax law and that the corporate taxpayers earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefit of the increased amortization of the assets, the expected future payments under the tax receivable agreements (which are taxable to the recipients) will aggregate $

2.1

billion over the next

after-tax

699.3

million assuming a

pre-IPO

, 2025

, payments totaling $

70.6

pre-IPO

taxable year.

Non-Cash

Other

Blackstone does business with and on behalf of some of its Portfolio Companies; all such arrangements are on a negotiated basis.

Additionally, please see Note 18. “Commitments and Contingencies — Contingencies — Guarantees” for information regarding guarantees provided to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

18. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments Investment Commitments Blackstone had $ 6.5 billion of investment commitments as of December 31 , 2025 representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments, including loan commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $ 797.4 million as of December 31 , 2025 , which includes $ 98.6 million of signed investment commitments for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.

18. Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments

Investment Commitments

Blackstone had $

6.5

billion of investment commitments as of December 31

, 2025

representing general partner capital funding commitments to the Blackstone Funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and Blackstone principal investment commitments, including loan commitments. The consolidated Blackstone Funds had signed investment commitments of $

797.4

million as of December 31

, 2025

, which includes $

98.6

million of signed investment commitments for portfolio company acquisitions in the process of closing.

Regulated Entities Certain U.S. and non-U.S. entities are subject to various investment adviser and other financial regulatory rules and requirements that may include minimum net capital requirements. These entities have continuously operated in excess of these requirements. This includes a number of U.S. entities that are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. These regulatory capital requirements may restrict Blackstone’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At December 31 , 2025 , $ 116.2 million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to Blackstone.

Regulated Entities

non-U.S.

These regulatory capital requirements may restrict Blackstone’s ability to withdraw capital from its entities. At December 31

, 2025

, $

116.2

million of net assets of consolidated entities may be restricted as to the payment of cash dividends and advances to Blackstone.

Contingencies Guarantees Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the ongoing business activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no direct recourse to Blackstone to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, Blackstone’s invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $ 24.7 million as of December 31 , 2025 .

Contingencies

Guarantees

Certain of Blackstone’s consolidated real estate funds guarantee payments to third parties in connection with the ongoing business activities and/or acquisitions of their Portfolio Companies. There is no

direct recourse to Blackstone to fulfill such obligations. To the extent that underlying funds are required to fulfill guarantee obligations, Blackstone’s invested capital in such funds is at risk. Total investments at risk in respect of guarantees extended by consolidated real estate funds was $

24.7

million as of December 31

, 2025

.

The

Blackstone Holdings Partnerships provided guarantees to a lending institution for certain loans held by employees either for investment in Blackstone Funds or for members’ capital contributions to Blackstone Europe LLP. The amount guaranteed as of December 31

, 2025

was $

82.0

million.

Strategic Ventures In December 2022 and January 2023, Blackstone entered into long-term strategic ventures (“UC strategic ventures”) with the Regents of the University of California (“UC Investments”), an institutional investor that subscribed for $ 4.5 billion of Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT”) Class I shares during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The UC strategic ventures provide a waterfall structure with UC Investments receiving an 11.25 % target annualized net return on its $ 4.5 billion investment in BREIT shares and upside from its investment. This target return, while not guaranteed, is supported by a pledge by Blackstone of $ 1.1 billion of its holdings in BREIT as of the subscription dates, including any appreciation or dividends received by Blackstone in respect thereof. Pursuant to the UC strategic ventures, Blackstone is entitled to receive an incremental 5 % cash payment from UC Investments on any returns received in excess of the target return. In March 2025, Blackstone entered into a similar long-term strategic venture with an institutional investor as part of the investor’s investment of € 1.0 billion in a vehicle managed in the Real Estate segment. The long-term strategic venture provides for a target return of 9.25 % supported by a pledge by Blackstone of € 200 million of its holdings in a related vehicle.

Strategic Ventures

long-term

€

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) For each such arrangement, an asset or liability is recognized b ase d on fair value with the maximum potential future obligation in respect of the target return capped at the fair value of the assets pledged by Blackstone in connection with the respective arrangement. As of December 31, 2025, across both arrangements, the fair value of the total assets pledged was $ 1.5 billion and the total liability recognized was $ 1.1 billion. Litigation

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

ase

Litigation

Blackstone may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of its business. Blackstone’s businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against Blackstone. Blackstone accrues a liability for legal proceedings only when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, based on information known by management, Blackstone does not have any unaccrued liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In December 2017, eight pension plan members of the Kentucky Retirement System (“KRS”) filed a derivative lawsuit on behalf of KRS in Franklin County Circuit Court in Kentucky (the “Mayberry Action”). Plaintiffs alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of Kentucky law in connection with KRS’s investment in three hedge funds of funds, including a fund managed by Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. (“BLP”). The suit named more than 30 defendants, including, among others, The Blackstone Group L.P. (now Blackstone Inc.); BLP; Stephen A. Schwarzman, as Chairman and CEO of Blackstone; and J. Tomilson Hill, as then-CEO of BLP (collectively, the “Blackstone Defendants”). In July 2020, the Kentucky Supreme Court directed the Circuit Court to dismiss the action for lack of standing. In July 2020, the Kentucky Attorney General (the “AG”) filed its own action asserting substantially identical claims against largely the same defendants (the “July 2020 Action”). In May 2024, the Court denied the Blackstone Defendants’ and most other defendants’ motions to dismiss the July 2020 Action. In April 2024, the AG amended its complaint, adding breach-of-contract claims against the fund manager defendants. Defendants moved to dismiss this amended complaint in June 2024. Those motions are pending. In August 2022, KRS was ordered to disclose a 2021 report it commissioned to investigate the investment activities underlying the lawsuit. The report “did not find any violations of fiduciary duty or illegal activity by [BLP],” and quotes communications by KRS staff during the period of the investment recognizing that BLP was exceeding KRS’s returns benchmark, providing KRS with “far fewer negative months than any liquid market comparable,” and that BLP “[h]as killed it.” In January 2021, certain former plaintiffs in the Mayberry Action filed a separate action (“Taylor I”) against the Blackstone Defendants and other defendants in the Mayberry Action, asserting substantially similar allegations as the AG’s July 2020 action did, but styled as a direct class action. Taylor I was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky and stayed pending the outcome of the AG’s July 2020 action. In August 2021, a group of KRS members—including those that filed Taylor I—filed an action in Franklin County Circuit Court (“Taylor II”) substantially similar to Taylor I, against the Blackstone Defendants, other defendants named in the Mayberry Action, and other KRS officials. The Court denied most defendants’ motions to dismiss this action in May 2024. The Blackstone Defendants and the other fund manager defendants filed a petition for a writ of prohibition from that denial. In November 2024, the Kentucky Court of Appeals denied defendants’ writ of prohibition, and defendants appealed to the Kentucky Supreme Court. Taylor II is stayed pending review of this appeal.

Blackstone may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of its business. Blackstone’s businesses are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against Blackstone.

Blackstone accrues a liability for legal proceedings only when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. Although there can be no assurance of the outcome of such legal actions, based on information known by management, Blackstone does not have any unaccrued liability related to any current legal proceeding or claim that would individually or in the aggregate materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

then-CEO

breach-of-contract

In August 2022, KRS was ordered to disclose a 2021 report it commissioned to investigate the investment activities underlying the lawsuit. The report “did not find any violations of fiduciary duty or illegal activity by [BLP],” and quotes communications by KRS staff during the period of the investment recognizing that BLP was exceeding KRS’s returns benchmark, providing KRS with “far fewer negative months than any liquid market comparable,” and that BLP “[h]as killed it.”

In January 2021, certain former plaintiffs in the Mayberry Action filed a separate action (“Taylor I”) against the Blackstone Defendants and other defendants in the Mayberry Action, asserting substantially similar allegations as the AG’s July 2020 action did, but styled as a direct class action. Taylor I was removed to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky and stayed pending the outcome of the AG’s July 2020 action.

In August 2021, a group of KRS members—including those that filed Taylor I—filed an action in Franklin County Circuit Court (“Taylor II”) substantially similar to Taylor I, against the Blackstone Defendants, other defendants named in the Mayberry Action, and other KRS officials. The Court denied most defendants’ motions to dismiss this action in May 2024. The Blackstone Defendants and the other fund manager defendants filed a petition for a writ of prohibition from that denial. In November 2024, the Kentucky Court of Appeals denied defendants’ writ of prohibition, and defendants appealed to the Kentucky Supreme Court. Taylor II is stayed pending review of this appeal.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

In April 2021, the AG filed an action (the “Declaratory Judgment Action”) against BLP and the other fund manager defendants from the Mayberry Action in Franklin County Circuit Court, seeking a declaration that certain provisions in the subscription agreements with KRS violate the Kentucky Constitution. In August 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s grant of summary judgment to the AG. The appeal is fully briefed and pending. In July 2021, BLP filed a breach-of-contract action against defendants affiliated with KRS, alleging that the Mayberry Action and the Declaratory Judgment Action breach the parties’ subscription agreements and seeking damages. In February 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s dismissal on ripeness grounds. The appeal is fully briefed and pending. In January 2025, we and several other defendants entered into a settlement agreement with KRS and the Commonwealth of Kentucky that, subject to approval by the Franklin County Circuit Court and certain requirements, would have resolved all claims against these defendants in the AG’s actions, resolved BLP’s breach-of-contract claims, and barred all claims against the Blackstone Defendants in Taylor I and Taylor II without any admission of wrongdoing. The settlement included an $ 82.5 million cash settlement divided among several defendants, of which our portion would have been expected to be covered by insurance. In January 2025, the settling parties moved for court approval of the settlement. Taylor II plaintiffs objected. In May 2025, the Court declined to enter an approval order, holding that the Court’s approval is unnecessary and stating that the parties may settle as they see fit. Because an approval order was a condition to the settlement, the settlement agreement was terminated. While the parties are continuing their discussions, they have not reached a new settlement. Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025 include an accrual for the estimated liability related to this matter.

In April 2021, the AG filed an action (the “Declaratory Judgment Action”) against BLP and the other fund manager defendants from the Mayberry Action in Franklin County Circuit Court, seeking a declaration that certain provisions in the subscription agreements with KRS violate the Kentucky Constitution. In August 2024, the Kentucky Supreme Court granted BLP’s motion for discretionary review of the Circuit Court’s grant of summary judgment to the AG. The appeal is fully briefed and pending.

breach-of-contract

Our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025 include an accrual for the estimated liability related to this matter.

Contingent Obligations (Clawback)

Performance Allocations are subject to clawback to the extent that the Performance Allocations received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to Blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. The actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund’s life except for certain Blackstone funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. The lives of the funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through

. Further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.

For financial reporting purposes, when applicable, the general partners record a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund’s remaining investments and where the fund’s general partner has previously received Performance Allocation distributions with respect to such fund’s realized investments. The liability is based on the general partner’s net obligation to the fund assuming all remaining investments were realized as of the end of each reporting period at the fair value of the underlying investments.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

The following table presents the clawback obligations by segment:

[TABLE 481 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 482 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 483 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

$

52.3

million related to interim and final cash clawbacks for funds in the Real Estate, Credit & Insurance and Private Equity segments, of which

$

31.6

million was paid by Blackstone Holdings and

$

20.7

million by current and former Blackstone personnel.

For Private Equity, Real Estate, and certain Credit & Insurance Funds, a portion of the Performance Allocations paid to current and former Blackstone personnel is held in segregated accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation. These segregated accounts are not included in the consolidated financial statements of Blackstone, except to the extent a portion of the assets held in the segregated accounts may be allocated to a consolidated Blackstone fund of hedge funds. At December 31, 2025, $

1.2

billion was held in segregated accounts for the purpose of meeting any clawback obligations of current and former personnel if such payments are required.

In the Credit & Insurance segment, payment of Performance Allocations to Blackstone by the majority of the stressed/distressed, mezzanine and credit alpha strategies funds are substantially deferred under the terms of the partnership agreements. This deferral mitigates the need to hold funds in segregated accounts in the event of a cash clawback obligation.

If, at December 31, 2025, all of the investments held by Blackstone’s carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of Performance Allocations subject to potential clawback would be $

( 8.3 )

after-tax

( 7.7 )

billion if current and former Blackstone personnel default on their share of the liability, a possibility that management also views as remote.

19. Segment Reporting Blackstone conducts its alternative asset management businesses through four segments:

19. Segment Reporting

Blackstone conducts its alternative asset management businesses through four segments:

[TABLE 484 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 485 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

These business segments are differentiated by their various investment strategies. E ac h of the segments primarily earns its income from management fees and investment returns on assets under management. Blackstone’s chief operating decision makers are its Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder and its President and Chief Operating Officer. Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments. Segment Distributable Earnings represents the net realized earnings of Blackstone’s segments and is the sum of Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations for each segment. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items. Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses, or other charges, if any. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the tax receivable agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs, gains or losses associated with these corporate actions and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance. For segment reporting purposes, Segment Distributable Earnings is presented along with its major components, Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations. Fee Related Earnings is used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Net Realizations is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees are presented together and referred to collectively as Performance Revenues or Performance Compensation. Geographic Information Blackstone conducts its business primarily in the United States with domestically generated revenues making up 68 %, 68 % and 70 % of total GAAP revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The table below presents the percentage of total GAAP revenues generated by Blackstone by geographic region. Revenues attributed to a geographic region are generally based on the geography of investments held by Blackstone and Blackstone Funds. The geography of an investment is generally the country of domicile for an asset or where a portfolio company is headquartered.

[TABLE 486 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 487 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

ac

Co-Founder

Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments.

non-controlling

Non-Recurring

non-recurring

period-to-period

For segment reporting purposes, Segment Distributable Earnings is presented along with its major components, Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations. Fee Related Earnings is used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Net Realizations is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues less Realized Performance Compensation. Performance Allocations and Incentive Fees are presented together and referred to collectively as Performance Revenues or Performance Compensation.

Geographic Information

Blackstone conducts its business primarily in the United States with domestically generated revenues making up 68 %, 68 % and 70 % of total GAAP revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The table below presents the percentage of total GAAP revenues generated by Blackstone by geographic region. Revenues attributed to a geographic region are generally based on the geography of investments held by Blackstone and Blackstone Funds. The geography of an investment is generally the country of domicile for an asset or where a portfolio company is headquartered.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 488 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone’s long-lived assets are comprised of Right-of-Use Assets and Furniture, Equipment and Leasehold Improvements, Net. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, Blackstone held long-lived assets in the United States of $ 1.0 billion and $ 1.1 billion, respectively. No individual foreign country constituted more than 10 % of Blackstone’s total long-lived assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Right-of-Use

1.0

billion and $

1.1

billion, respectively. No individual foreign country constituted more than

% of Blackstone’s total long-lived assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Major Customer Information For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”) accounted for an aggregate of $ 1.2 billion, $ 980.6 million and $ 762.6 million of Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Incentive Fees, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, BREIT accounted for $ 839.9 million of Blackstone’s Management and Advisory Fees, Net. BCRED and BREIT are vehicles in Blackstone’s Credit & Insurance segment and Real Estate segment, respectively. Generally, for purposes of major customer analysis, Blackstone identifies the customer as the investors in its managed investment vehicles. For certain widely held vehicles like BCRED and BREIT, however, the investment vehicle is determined to be the customer. Blackstone evaluates the major customer disclosure in the context of its revenue streams as determined under the GAAP guidance for contracts with customers which includes Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Incentive Fees.

Major Customer Information

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”) accounted for an aggregate of $

1.2

billion, $

980.6

million and $

762.6

million of Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Incentive Fees, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2023, BREIT accounted for $

839.9

million of Blackstone’s Management and Advisory Fees, Net. BCRED and BREIT are vehicles in Blackstone’s Credit & Insurance segment and Real Estate segment, respectively. Generally, for purposes of major customer analysis, Blackstone identifies the customer as the investors in its managed investment vehicles. For certain widely held vehicles like BCRED and BREIT, however, the investment vehicle is determined to be the customer. Blackstone evaluates the major customer disclosure in the context of its revenue streams as determined under the GAAP guidance for contracts with customers which includes Management and Advisory Fees, Net and Incentive Fees.

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Segment Presentation

The following tables present the financial data for Blackstone’s four segments as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

The following tables present the financial data for Blackstone’s

four

segments as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

[TABLE 489 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)  216

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 490 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 491 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted) Reconciliations of Total Segment Amounts The following tables reconcile the Total Segment Revenues, Expenses and Distributable Earnings to their equivalent GAAP measure for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 along with Total Assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:   217

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

Reconciliations of Total Segment Amounts

The following tables reconcile the Total Segment Revenues, Expenses and Distributable Earnings to their equivalent GAAP measure for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 along with Total Assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024:

[TABLE 492 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 493 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 494 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 495 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 496 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Non-Recurring

[TABLE 497 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 498 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 499 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 500 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 501 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 502 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 503 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 504 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 505 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 506 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 507 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 508 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 509 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 510 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 511 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Reconciliations of Total Segment Components

The following tables reconcile the components of Total Segments to their equivalent GAAP measures, reported on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023:

[TABLE 512 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)   220

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 513 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 514 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 515 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued (All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)   Segment basis presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds Blackstone manages and excludes the amortization of intangibles, the expense of equity-based awards and Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items.   221

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 516 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 517 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 518 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Non-Recurring

[TABLE 519 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 520 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 521 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Continued

(All Dollars are in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, Except Where Noted)

[TABLE 522 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 523 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 524 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 525 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

There have been no events since December 31, 2025 that require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.

[TABLE 526 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition

(Dollars in Thousands)

[TABLE 527 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Inc.

Unaudited Consolidating Statements of Financial Condition—Continued

(Dollars in Thousands)

[TABLE 528 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 529 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Blackstone Annex Onshore Fund L.P.**

Blackstone Horizon Fund L.P.

BTD CP Holdings LP

Blackstone Dislocation Fund L.P. **

Blackstone European Property Income Fund (Master) FCP

Blackstone European Property Income Fund SICAV

BEPIF (Aggregator) SCSp

Blackstone Infrastructure Partners Europe F (CYM) L.P.**

Blackstone Infrastructure Partners Europe Lower Fund 1 (LUX) SCSp**

Infrastructure Investments L.P.

Blackstone Infrastructure Strategies L.P.**

Blackstone Chengu (Shanghai) Private Fund Partnership*

Clover Credit Partners CLO III, Ltd.**

Hieroglyphs L.P.*

Blackstone Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund L.P.*

Blackstone Quantitative Opportunities Fund Ltd.*

side-by-side

[TABLE 530 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 531 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 532 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

None.

[TABLE 533 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

13a-15(e)

15d-15(e)

13a-15

15d-15(e)

10-K,

13a-15(e)

15d-15(e)

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a–15(f) and 15d–15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management of Blackstone Inc. and subsidiaries (“Blackstone”) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of its principal executive and principal financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of its consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Blackstone’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Blackstone’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)

Form 10-K

[TABLE 534 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Section 13(r) Disclosure

None.

[TABLE 535 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Not applicable.

Part III.

[TABLE 536 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Directors and Executive Officers of Blackstone Inc.

Our directors and executive officers as of the date of this filing are:

[TABLE 537 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Stephen A. Schwarzman

Co-Founder

first-of-its-kind

Co-Chair

What It Takes: Lessons in the Pursuit of Excellence

Co-Chair

Jonathan D. Gray

low-income

Michael S. Chae

John G. Finley

Co-Head

Vikrant Sawhney

Joseph P. Baratta

James W. Breyer

Wal-Mart

Reginald J. Brown

Rochelle B. Lazarus

William G. Parrett

co-founded

Ruth Porat

Co-Head

Governance and Board Composition

Co-Founder,

The Series II Preferred Stockholder elects our board of directors in accordance with the Series II Preferred Stockholder’s limited liability company agreement, where our senior managing directors have agreed that Mr. Schwarzman, in his capacity as founding member, will have the power to vote upon, act upon, consent to, approve or otherwise determine any matters to be voted upon, acted upon, consented to, approved or otherwise determined by the members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder. The limited liability company agreement of our Series II Preferred Stockholder provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be the founding member of the Series II Preferred Stockholder, Jonathan D. Gray will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the founding member of our Series II Preferred Stockholder. From and after such time, the members of the Series II Preferred Stockholder constituting a “Majority in Interest of the Members” (and with no member having greater than a 24.9% voting interest) will have the power to remove the founding member and designate a successor.

In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors, Mr. Schwarzman, acting on behalf of the Series II Preferred Stockholder, takes into account (a) minimum individual qualifications, such as strength of character, mature judgment, industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of directors, and (b) all other factors he considers appropriate.

After conducting an initial evaluation of a candidate, Mr. Schwarzman will interview that candidate if he believes the candidate might be suitable to be a director and may also ask the candidate to meet with other directors and senior management. If, following such interview and any consultations with directors and senior management, Mr. Schwarzman believes a candidate would be a valuable addition to the board of directors, he will appoint that individual to the board of directors.

Co-Founder

Controlled Company Exception and Director Independence

Because the Series II Preferred Stockholder holds more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors, we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Under these standards, a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including the requirements (a) that a majority of its board of directors consist of independent directors, (b) that its board of directors have a compensation committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities and (c) that its board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. See “Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure — We are a controlled company and as a result qualify for some exceptions from certain corporate governance and other requirements of the New York Stock Exchange.” We currently utilize the second and third of these exemptions. In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our shares of common stock continue to be listed on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the applicable transition periods. While we are exempt from the NYSE rules requiring a majority of independent directors, we currently have and intend to continue to maintain a majority independent board of directors.

Our board of directors has a total of eight members, including five members, Messrs. Breyer, Brown and Parrett, and Mses. Lazarus and Porat, who are independent under NYSE rules relating to corporate governance matters and the independence standards described in our Governance Policy.

Board Committees

Our board of directors has three standing committees: the audit committee, the compensation committee and the executive committee.

Audit Committee

Regulation S-K.

Compensation Committee

Executive Committee

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Form 8-K.

Securities Trading Policies and Procedures

Form 10-K.

Corporate Governance Guidelines

The board of directors has a Governance Policy, which addresses matters such as the board of directors’ responsibilities and duties and the board of directors’ composition and compensation. The Governance Policy is available on our website at http://ir.blackstone.com under “Corporate Governance.”

Communications to the Board of Directors

non-management

[TABLE 538 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Compensation Discussion and Analysis

Overview of Compensation Philosophy and Program

The intellectual capital collectively possessed by our senior managing directors (including our named executive officers) and other employees is the most important asset of our firm. We invest in people. We hire qualified people, train them, encourage them to provide their best thinking to the firm for the benefit of the investors in the funds we manage, and compensate them in a manner designed to retain and motivate them and align their interests with those of the investors in our funds and our stockholders.

Our overriding compensation philosophy for our senior managing directors and certain other employees is that compensation should be composed primarily of (a) annual cash bonus payments tied to Blackstone’s overall performance and the performance of the applicable business unit(s) in which such employee works, (b) performance interests (composed primarily of Performance Allocations, commonly referred to as carried interest, and incentive fee interests) tied to the performance of the investments made by the funds in the business unit in which such employee works or for which he or she has responsibility, and (c) deferred equity awards reflecting the value of our common stock. We believe that the appropriate combination of annual cash bonus payments and performance interests and/or deferred equity awards encourages our senior managing directors and other employees to focus on the underlying performance of our investment funds, as well as the overall performance of the firm and interests of our stockholders, and that base salary should represent a significantly lesser component of total compensation.

We believe that the proportion of compensation that is “at risk” should increase as an employee’s level of responsibility rises. Base salary generally represents a smaller percentage of the total compensation of employees at higher total compensation levels compared to employees at lower total compensation levels. Employees at higher total compensation levels are generally targeted to receive a greater percentage of their total compensation in the form of participation in performance interests, deferred equity awards and, to a lesser extent, annual cash bonuses subject to deferral.

after-tax

jurisdictions, specifically in the European Union and the United Kingdom, our compensation program includes additional remuneration policies that may limit or otherwise alter the compensation structure for certain employees, consistent with local regulatory requirements, and are aimed at, among other things, discouraging inappropriate risk-taking and aligning compensation with the firm’s strategy and long-term interests, consistent with our general compensation program.

We believe our current compensation and benefit offerings for senior professionals are best in class and are consistent with companies in the alternative asset management industry. We generally do not rely on compensation surveys or compensation consultants. Our senior management periodically reviews the effectiveness and competitiveness of our compensation program, and such reviews may in the future involve the assistance of independent consultants.

Personal Investment Obligations

Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements

Named Executive Officers

In 2025, our named executive officers were:

[TABLE 539 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Compensation Elements for Named Executive Officers

The key elements of the compensation of our named executive officers for 2025 were base compensation, which is composed of base salary, cash bonus and equity-based compensation, and performance compensation, which is composed of carried interest and incentive fee allocations:

Base Salary

Annual Bonus Payments / Deferred Equity Awards

Each of our named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman received annual bonus payments in respect of 2025 in addition to their base salary. These bonus payments included participation interests in the earnings of the firm’s various investment businesses. For all named executive officers, the amount of bonus payments paid to such named executive officer at the end of the year in respect of such year was determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray, as described below. Earnings for the firm’s investment businesses are calculated based on the annual operating income of the businesses and are generally a function of the performance of the businesses, which is evaluated by Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray. The ultimate bonus payment amounts were based on (a) the prior and anticipated performance of the named executive officer, (b) the prior and anticipated performance of the firm’s segments and product lines, (c) the overall success of the firm and (d) the estimated participation interests given to the named executive officer at the beginning of the year in respect of the investments to be made in that year. We make annual bonus payments in the first quarter of the year to reward individual performance for the prior year. The ultimate bonus payments that are made are fully discretionary as further discussed below under “—Determination of Incentive Compensation.”

For 2025, all named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman were selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan. The Bonus Deferral Plan provides for the deferral of a portion of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment. Except as otherwise determined by the Plan Administrator (as defined in the Bonus Deferral Plan), the amount of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Bonus Deferral Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such participant’s annual cash bonus payment and a portion of any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. By deferring a portion of a participant’s compensation, the Bonus Deferral Plan acts as an employment retention mechanism and thereby enhances the alignment of interests between such participant and the firm. Many publicly traded asset managers utilize deferred compensation plans as a means of retaining and motivating their professionals, and we believe that it is in the interest of our stockholders to do the same for our personnel.

On January 12, 2026, Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney each received a deferral award under the Bonus Deferral Plan of deferred restricted common stock units in respect of their service in 2025. The percentage of the 2025 annual cash bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common stock units for Messrs. Gray, Chae, Finley and Sawhney was approximately 100%, 100%, 40% and 100%, respectively. These awards are reflected as stock awards for fiscal year 2025 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 table.

Discretionary Equity Awards

In January 2026, Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney were each informed of anticipated discretionary awards of deferred restricted common stock units with values of $34,000,000, $17,150,000, $17,100,000 and $14,500,000, respectively. These anticipated awards reflect 2025 performance and are intended to further promote retention and to incentivize future performance. These awards are expected to be granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan on April 1, 2026, subject to the named executive officer’s continued employment through such date. Once granted, these awards will vest 10% on July 1, 2027, 10% on July 1, 2028, 20% on July 1, 2029, 30% on July 1, 2030 and 30% on July 1, 2031 and will be reflected as stock awards for fiscal 2026 in the Summary Compensation Table and in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2026 table.

Participation in Carried Interest and Incentive Fees

Carried Interest

in-kind)

any fund. To the extent any “clawback” obligation were to be triggered for a fund, carried interest previously distributed to a named executive officer (or held back in escrow, as discussed above) would have to be returned to the limited partners of such fund, thereby reducing the named executive officer’s overall compensation for any such year. Moreover, because a carried interest recipient (including Blackstone itself) may have to fund more than its respective share of a “clawback” obligation under the governing documents (generally, up to an additional 67%), the compensation paid to a named executive officer for any given year could be significantly reduced or even negative in the event a “clawback” obligation were to arise.

co-founder

Incentive Fees

in-kind)

Investment Advisory Client Interests

Other Benefits

co-founder,

Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray are provided certain security services, which may include home security systems and monitoring, and personal and related security services. These security services are provided for our benefit, and we consider the related expenses to be appropriate business expenses rather than personal benefits for Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray. Nevertheless, the expenses associated with the security services provided to Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray are reflected in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table below to the extent the aggregate amount of all perquisites or other personal benefits received by such individual exceeded $10,000.

Determination of Incentive Compensation

Mr. Schwarzman reserves final approval of each named executive officer’s compensation, other than his own, and receives recommendations from Mr. Gray on such compensation determinations (other than with respect to Mr. Gray’s own compensation). Mr. Schwarzman’s compensation has been established pursuant to the terms of his amended and restated founding member agreement, which is described below under “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 — Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement.” For 2025, these decisions were based primarily on Mr. Schwarzman’s and Mr. Gray’s assessment of such named executive officer’s individual performance, operational performance for the areas of the business for which the named executive officer has responsibility, and the named executive officer’s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in our funds and service to our investment advisory clients, and to contribute to long-term stockholder value. In evaluating these factors, Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray relied upon their judgment to determine the ultimate amount of a named executive officer’s annual cash bonus payment and participation in carried interest, incentive fees and investment advisory client interests that was necessary to properly induce the named executive officer to seek to achieve our objectives and reward a named executive officer in achieving those objectives over the course of the prior year. Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. Gray were his service as President and Chief Operating Officer, his role in overseeing the growth and operations of the firm, and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Chae were his leadership and oversight of our global finance, treasury, technology and corporate development functions and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Finley were his leadership and oversight of our global legal and compliance functions, his role in positioning the firm to be compliant with, responsive to, and anticipatory of, evolving legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us and our investment businesses, and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the global legal and compliance function and the firm. Key factors that Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray considered in making such determinations with respect to Mr. Sawhney were his leadership and oversight of our global institutional and private client relationships, his role in overseeing aspects of the firm’s operations and his role in strategic initiatives undertaken by the firm. For 2025, Messrs. Schwarzman and Gray also considered Blackstone’s overall performance and each named executive officer’s prior year annual cash bonus payments, the named executive officers’ allocated share of performance interests through participation in our Performance Plans, the appropriate balance between incentives for long- and short-term performance, and the compensation paid to the named executive officer’s peers within the firm. The actual cash bonus amounts awarded based on these considerations, net of the portion of Mr Gray’s, Mr. Chae’s, Mr. Finley’s and Mr. Sawhney’s bonus mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common stock units pursuant to the Bonus Deferral Plan, are reflected in the “Bonus” column of the Summary Compensation Table below.

Policies and Practices Related to the Timing of Equity Awards

non-public

Compensation Committee Report

The compensation committee of the board of directors has reviewed and discussed with management the foregoing Compensation Discussion and Analysis and, based on such review and discussion, has determined that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis should be included in this annual report.

Stephen A. Schwarzman

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

During 2025, our compensation committee was comprised of Mr. Schwarzman, and none of our executive officers served as a director or member of the compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity whose executive officers served on our compensation committee or our board of directors. For a description of certain transactions between us and Mr. Schwarzman, see “—Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.”

Summary Compensation Table

The following table provides summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer and each of our other named executive officers for services rendered to us. These individuals are referred to as our named executive officers in this annual report.

[TABLE 540 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 541 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 542 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 543 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 544 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 545 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 546 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 547 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025

The following table provides information concerning equity awards granted in 2025 or, for deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan or on the same terms as the deferred bonus awards under the Bonus Deferral Plan, with respect to 2025, to our named executive officers:

[TABLE 548 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 549 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 550 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025

Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards

Vesting Provisions.

Except as described below, unvested discretionary equity awards are generally forfeited upon termination of employment. With respect to Mr. Gray, the deferred restricted common stock units granted to him in 2020 and subsequent years will become fully vested if he is terminated by us without cause. In addition, upon the death or permanent disability of a named executive officer, all unvested discretionary equity awards of common stock units held at that time will vest immediately. In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to a Tier I qualifying retirement or a Tier II qualifying retirement, 50% or 100% of such units, respectively, will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement). Blackstone personnel are deemed Tier I retirement eligible upon reaching the age of 55 and having at least five full years of service with our firm, and the sum of his or her age plus years of service with our firm totals at least 65. Blackstone personnel are deemed Tier II retirement eligible upon reaching the age of 60 and having at least ten full years of service with our firm. Further, in the event of a change in control (defined in the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements as the occurrence of any person, other than Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. or a person approved by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., becoming the Series II Preferred Stockholder), all unvested discretionary equity awards will automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to such change in control.

non-competition

non-solicitation

“Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

Cash Dividend Equivalents

Minimum Retained Ownership Requirements

grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan) our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) are required to hold 25% of their vested equity until the earlier of (1) ten years after the applicable vesting date and (2) one year following termination of employment. For equity awards granted in 2019 and onward (other than grants made under our Bonus Deferral Plan), our named executive officers (except as otherwise provided below) are required to hold 25% of their vested equity for two years after the applicable vesting event. If the named executive officer’s employment terminates prior to such time, however, such 25% of the vested equity must be held for two years after termination of employment. The requirement that one continue to hold such minimum amounts of vested equity is subject to the qualification in Mr. Schwarzman’s case that in no event will he be required to hold equity having a market value greater than $1.5 billion or hold equity following termination of employment. Each of our named executive officers is in compliance with these minimum retained ownership requirements.

Transfer Restrictions

pre-IPO

Terms of Deferred Restricted Common Stock Units Granted Under the Bonus Deferral Plan

pre-tax

At the end of each year, the Plan Administrator selects plan participants in its sole discretion and notifies such individuals that they have been selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan for such year. Participation is mandatory for those employees selected by the Plan Administrator to be participants. An individual who is not so selected may not elect to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan. The selection of participants is made on an annual basis; an individual selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan for a given year may not necessarily be selected to participate in a subsequent year. For 2025, all employees other than Mr. Schwarzman, who received no bonus in respect of 2025, were selected to participate in the Bonus Deferral Plan, with the deferred amount (if any) determined in accordance with the table described below or as otherwise determined in the discretion of the Plan Administrator. For fiscal 2025, the Plan Administrator determined that 100% of the annual cash bonus payment for each of Messrs. Gray, Chae and Sawhney would be deferred.

In respect of the deferred portion of a participant’s annual cash bonus payment, each participant receives deferral units which represent rights to receive in the future a specified amount of common stock units under our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to vesting provisions described below. The amount of each participant’s annual cash bonus payment deferred under the Bonus Deferral Plan is calculated pursuant to a deferral rate table using the participant’s total annual incentive compensation, which generally includes such participant’s annual cash bonus payment and a portion of any incentive fees earned in connection with our investment funds, and is subject to certain adjustments, including reductions for mandatory contributions to our investment funds. For deferrals of annual cash bonus payments, the deferral percentage was calculated on the basis set forth in the following table (or such other table that may be adopted by the Plan Administrator).

[TABLE 551 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 552 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Mandatory Deferral Awards

one-third

Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement

Upon the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a founding member agreement with Mr. Schwarzman. On March 1, 2018, we amended and restated this agreement, with the approval of a committee of independent directors advised by independent counsel, to address certain retirement benefits to be received by Mr. Schwarzman. Mr. Schwarzman’s agreement provides that he will remain our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (or, as determined by Mr. Schwarzman, our Chairman or Executive Chairman) while continuing service with us and requires him to give us six months’ prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us. The agreement provides that following retirement (or, if applicable, the date on which he ceases active service as a result of his permanent disability), Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits for the remainder of his life, including that he be permitted to retain his then current office and continue to be provided with administrative support, access to office services and a car and driver. Mr. Schwarzman will also continue to receive health benefits following his retirement until his death, subject to his continuing payment of the related health insurance premiums consistent with current policies. Finally, Mr. Schwarzman will also receive reimbursement for travel costs (including travel on personal aircraft) for Blackstone related business functions, annual home and personal security benefits, reasonable access to our Chief Legal Officer, reasonable access to certain events, legal representation for Blackstone related matters, and, subject to his continuing payment of costs and expenses related thereto, he will continue to be provided with offices, technology and support for his family office team at levels consistent with current practice.

The agreement provides that, following Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, he or related entities will remain entitled to receive awards of carried interest at reduced levels until the later of February 14, 2027 or the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death. The profit sharing percentage for any carried interest awarded in new funds launched after Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service shall generally be set at 50% of the profit sharing percentage Mr. Schwarzman held in the most recent corresponding predecessor fund prior to his termination of employment or, in the case of new funds without a corresponding predecessor fund prior to Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, a profit sharing percentage set at 50% of the median of the aggregate profit sharing percentages held by Mr. Schwarzman at the time of his termination of service.

While currently Mr. Schwarzman is entitled to invest in or alongside our investment funds without being subject to management fees or carried interest, this has been extended to continue until ten years following the date of Mr. Schwarzman’s death as to Mr. Schwarzman, his estate and related entities.

On July 1, 2019, in connection with Blackstone’s conversion from a limited partnership to a corporation and with the approval of the conflicts committee advised by independent counsel, we amended this agreement to address the ongoing compensation to be received by Mr. Schwarzman. Pursuant to the amended agreement, Mr. Schwarzman is entitled to distributions and benefits in amounts and at levels that are consistent with current practices. In addition, the amended agreement provides that, prior to Mr. Schwarzman’s termination of service, the profit sharing percentage for any carried interest in new funds in which there is a corresponding predecessor fund shall be set at the same profit sharing percentage he or related entities held in the most recent such predecessor fund and, in the case where there is no such predecessor fund, the profit sharing percentage shall be set at the median profit sharing percentage owned by him or related entities across all funds existing at the time in question. In connection with the amended agreement, Mr. Schwarzman informed the former conflicts committee of our board of directors that he has no current plan to retire.

Senior Managing Director Agreements

90-day

“—Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year End

The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our named executive officers as of December 31, 2025.

[TABLE 553 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 554 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 555 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 556 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2025

The following table provides information regarding the number of outstanding initially unvested equity awards made to our named executive officers that vested during 2025:

[TABLE 557 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 558 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 559 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control

Upon a change of control event where any person, other than Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. or a person approved by Blackstone Group Management L.L.C., becomes the Series II Preferred Stockholder or a termination of employment because of death or disability, any unvested deferred restricted common stock units held by any of our named executive officers will automatically be deemed vested as of immediately prior to such occurrence of such change of control or such termination of employment. Had such a change of control or such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2025, the last business day of 2025, each of our continuing named executive officers would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted common stock units, having the following values based on our closing market price of $154.14 per share of common stock on December 31, 2025, other than the deferred restricted common stock units granted to Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney in 2026 in respect of 2025 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Mr. Schwarzman had no outstanding unvested equity at December 31, 2025; Mr. Gray —1,197,218 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $184,664,150, Mr. Chae —448,349 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $69,208,979, Mr. Finley —371,152 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $57,245,869, and Mr. Sawhney —393,565 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $60,735,987. In addition, the Bonus Deferral Plan provides that upon a change in control or termination of the participant’s employment because of death, any fully vested but undelivered deferred restricted common stock units will become immediately deliverable.

In connection with a named executive officer’s termination of employment due to a Tier I qualifying retirement, 50% of their unvested discretionary equity awards will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period and any unvested deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan will vest and be delivered in equal annual installments over the three year deferral period, in each case subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement or the Bonus Deferral Plan, as applicable). As of December 31, 2025, Messrs. Gray, Chae and Sawhney were Tier I retirement eligible. If Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae or Mr. Sawhney had retired on December 31, 2025, 504,010, 174,476 and 157,574 of their deferred restricted common stock units granted as discretionary awards, respectively, would continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period and 189,199, 99,397 and 78,418 of their deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan, respectively, would vest and be delivered over the three year deferral period, in each case subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity (as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement or the Bonus Deferral Plan, as applicable).

On February 26, 2025, the Compensation Committee approved an Omnibus Amendment to the Company’s equity award agreements covering the Company’s outstanding discretionary equity awards, effective as of April 1, 2025 (the “Tier II Retirement Amendment”). The Tier II Retirement Amendment provides that participants who satisfy certain Tier II retirement eligibility criteria will be eligible to vest in 100% of their unvested discretionary equity awards over the applicable vesting period, subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity. As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Finley was Tier II retirement eligible. If Mr. Finley had retired on December 31, 2025, 320,849 of his deferred restricted common stock units granted as discretionary awards would continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period and 50,303 of his deferred restricted common stock units granted under the Bonus Deferral Plan would vest and be delivered over the three year deferral period, in each case subject to forfeiture if he violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity.

Upon a termination of Mr. Gray’s, Mr. Chae’s, Mr. Finley’s or Mr. Sawhney’s employment without cause, the deferred restricted common stock units granted to each of them under the Bonus Deferral Plan in respect of 2025, 2024 and 2023, as applicable, will become fully vested. Had such a termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2025, the last business day of 2025, each of Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney would have vested in the following numbers of deferred restricted common stock units, respectively, having the following values based on our closing market price of $154.14 per share of common stock on December 31, 2025, other than the deferred restricted common stock units granted to Mr. Gray, Mr. Chae, Mr. Finley and Mr. Sawhney in 2026 in respect of 2025 performance, which are valued as of the date of their grant: Mr. Gray — 189,199 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $29,288,101, Mr. Chae — 99,397 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $15,421,518, Mr. Finley — 50,303 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $7,790,204 and Mr. Sawhney — 78,418 deferred restricted common stock units with an aggregate value of $12,159,228.

Upon a termination of Mr. Gray’s employment without cause, the deferred restricted common stock units granted to him on April 1, 2021, April 1, 2022, April 1, 2023, April 1, 2024 and April 1, 2025 will become fully vested. Had such a termination occurred on December 31, 2025, the last business day of 2025, Mr. Gray would have vested in 1,008,019 deferred restricted common stock units with a value of $155,376,049 based on our closing market price of $154.14 per share of our common stock on December 31, 2025.

In addition, except as described below, unvested carried interest in our carry funds is generally forfeited upon termination of employment. Upon the death or disability of any named executive officer who participates in the carried interest of our carry funds, the named executive officer will be deemed 100% vested in any unvested portion of carried interest in our carry funds. Furthermore, any named executive officer that is Tier I or Tier II retirement eligible will automatically vest in 50% of their otherwise unvested carried interest allocation upon retirement. In addition, pursuant to Mr. Schwarzman’s founding member agreement described above under “Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 — Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement,” following retirement and for the remainder of his life, Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits, including a car and driver, retention of his current office, administrative support and annual home and personal security benefits. The value of such retirement benefits is estimated at approximately $15.7 million per year based on 2025 costs. We have not assigned a value to the entitlements of Mr. Schwarzman and his estate and related entities to receive carried interest in new funds or to invest in our investment funds fee free following his termination of service as such value cannot be reasonably estimated. We anticipate that any incremental cost to us with respect to the other personal benefits to which Mr. Schwarzman is entitled following his retirement will be de minimis.

Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

non-competition

non-solicitation

non-senior

non-competition

non-solicitation

Full-Time Commitment

Confidentiality

Notice of Termination

Garden Leave

90-day

non-competition

Non-Competition

[TABLE 560 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 561 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 562 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

“Competitive business” means any business that competes with our business, including any businesses that we are actively considering conducting at the time of the senior managing director’s termination of employment, so long as the senior managing director knows or reasonably should have known about such plans, in any geographical or market area where we or our affiliates conduct business or provide our products or services.

Non-Solicitation

non-solicitation

Non-Interference

Non-Disparagement

Restricted Period

[TABLE 563 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Intellectual Property.

Specific Performance

non-competition,

non-solicitation,

non-interference,

non-disparagement

Pay Ratio Disclosure

Regulation S-K,

Director Compensation in 2025

non-employee

The following table provides the director compensation for our directors for 2025:

[TABLE 564 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 565 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 566 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following table provides information regarding outstanding unvested equity awards made to our directors as of December 31, 2025:

[TABLE 567 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 568 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 569 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 570 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units as of February 20, 2026 by:

[TABLE 571 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 572 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 573 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 574 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The amounts and percentage of common stock and Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days of February 20, 2026. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all securities shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable. Unless otherwise included, for purposes of this table, the principal business address for each such person is c/o Blackstone Inc., 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.

[TABLE 575 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 576 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 577 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 578 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 579 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 580 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 581 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 582 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 583 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 584 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The table set forth below provides information concerning the awards that may be issued under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2025:

[TABLE 585 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 586 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 587 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 588 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Tax Receivable Agreements

non-voting

one-for-one

after-tax

Subsequent to December 31, 2025, payments totaling $70.6 million were made to certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units mentioned above in accordance with the tax receivable agreement and related to tax benefits the Partnership received for the 2024 taxable year. Such payments included $2.2 million to Mr. Schwarzman, $0.3 million to Mr. Chae, $0.1 million to Mr. Finley, $0.07 million to Mr. Sawhney, and $0.9 million to Mr. Baratta, which amounts include payments to vehicles controlled by such persons or their relatives, as applicable.

In addition, the tax receivable agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, the corporate taxpayers’ (or their successors’) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction) would be based on certain assumptions, including that the corporate taxpayers would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the benefits arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other similar benefits. Upon a subsequent actual exchange, any additional increase in tax deductions, tax basis and other similar benefits in excess of the amounts assumed at the change in control will also result in payments under the tax receivable agreement.

Decisions we make in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by an exchanging or selling holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units under the tax receivable agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction will generally accelerate payments under a tax receivable agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange or acquisition transaction will increase the tax liability of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units without giving rise to any rights of a holder of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units to receive payments under any tax receivable agreements.

Although we are not aware of any issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, the corporate taxpayers will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under a tax receivable agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under a tax receivable agreement in excess of the corporate taxpayers’ cash tax savings.

Registration Rights Agreement

pre-IPO

Tsinghua University Education Foundation

As part of an initiative announced in 2013, Mr. Schwarzman, through the Stephen A. Schwarzman Education Foundation, personally committed $100 million to create and endow a post-graduate scholarship program at Tsinghua University in Beijing, entitled “Schwarzman Scholars,” and fund the construction of a residential and academic building. He has led a fundraising campaign to raise $600 million to support the “Schwarzman Endowment Fund.” The Tsinghua University Education Foundation (“TUEF”) will hold the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and has agreed to delegate management of the fund to Blackstone. We have agreed that TUEF, and certain entities affiliated with TUEF, will not be required to pay Blackstone a management fee for managing the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and, to the extent Blackstone allocates and invests assets of the Schwarzman Endowment Fund in our funds, which may take the form of funded or unfunded general partner commitments to our investment funds, we anticipate that such investments will be subject to reduced or waived management fees and/or carried interest.

Joseph P. Baratta

Mr. Baratta received a base salary of $350,000 and a bonus payment of $8,019,401. The bonus payment was based upon the performance of our private equity business, including the contribution of all current and past funds within the business dating back to before the IPO. The ultimate bonus payment to Mr. Baratta was, however, determined in the discretion of Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. Gray. On January 12, 2026, Mr. Baratta was granted 51,216 shares of deferred restricted common stock with a grant date fair value of $8,019,401, reflecting 100% of his annual bonus payment mandatorily deferred into deferred restricted common stock pursuant to the Bonus Deferral Plan. In April 2025, Mr. Baratta was awarded a discretionary award of 67,207 deferred restricted common stock units with a grant date fair value of $9,597,160. This award reflected 2024 performance and was intended to further promote retention and to incentivize future performance. See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 — Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards” for discussion of the vesting terms applicable to Mr. Baratta’s equity awards.

in-kind,

in-kind

Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements

As a result of the reorganization and the IPO, Blackstone Inc. (at that time, The Blackstone Group L.P.) became a holding partnership and, through wholly owned subsidiaries, held equity interests in the partnerships comprising Blackstone Holdings.

pro-rata

non-deductibility

Subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships, Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units may be exchanged for shares of common stock as described under “— Exchange Agreement” below. In addition, the Blackstone Holdings partnership agreements authorize the wholly owned subsidiaries of Blackstone Inc., which are the general partners of those partnerships, to issue an unlimited number of additional partnership securities of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units, and which may be exchangeable for shares of our common stock.

See “—Item 11. Executive Compensation — Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2025 — Terms of Discretionary Equity Awards” for a discussion of minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The generally applicable minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions are outlined in the sections referenced in the preceding sentence. There may be some different arrangements for some individuals in some instances. In addition, we may waive these requirements and restrictions from time to time.

In addition, substantially all of our expenses, including substantially all expenses solely incurred by or attributable to Blackstone Inc. but not including obligations incurred under the tax receivable agreement by Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, income tax expenses of Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries and payments on indebtedness incurred by Blackstone Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiaries, are borne by Blackstone Holdings.

Exchange Agreement

one-for-one

Payments to Kirkland & Ellis LLP

pre-dates

Firm Use of Private Aircraft

Certain entities controlled by Mr. Schwarzman wholly own aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2025, we made payments of $4.5 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $2.9 million paid directly to the managers of the aircraft. An entity controlled by Mr. Gray wholly owns aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2025, we made payments of $4.7 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $1.8 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft. An entity jointly controlled by Mr. Baratta and two other individuals owns aircraft that we use for business purposes in the course of our operations, and in 2025, we made payments of $2.1 million for the use of such aircraft, which included $1.2 million paid directly to the manager of the aircraft. As part of these arrangements, when we use such aircraft for business purposes from time to time, Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray and Baratta or their affiliated entities, as applicable, receive from their respective manager all or substantially all of the charter charges, net of any fee retained by such manager. Each of Messrs. Schwarzman, Gray, and Baratta paid for his respective ownership interest in his aircraft himself and bore his respective share of all operating, personnel and maintenance costs associated with the operation of such aircraft. The hourly payments we made for use of such aircraft were based on current market rates.

Investment In or Alongside Our Funds

Our directors and executive officers may invest their own capital in or alongside our funds and other vehicles we manage, in some instances, without being subject to management fees, carried interest or incentive fees. For our carry funds, these investments may be made through the applicable fund general partner and fund a portion of the general partner capital commitments to our funds. These investment opportunities are available to all of our senior managing directors and to those of our employees whom we have determined to have a status that reasonably permits us to offer them these types of investments and in compliance with applicable laws. During the year ended December 31, 2025, our directors and executive officers (and, in some cases, certain investment trusts or other family vehicles or charitable organizations controlled by them or their immediate family members) had the following gross contributions relating to their personal investments (and the investments of any such trusts) in Blackstone funds and other Blackstone-managed vehicles: Mr. Schwarzman, Mr. Gray, Mr. Breyer, Mr. Baratta, Ms. Porat, Mr. Chae, Mr. Sawhney, Mr. Finley, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Parrett made gross contributions of $372.3 million, $32.3 million, $10.4 million, $9.4 million, $3.9 million, $3.7 million, $1.8 million, $1.7 million, $1.1 million, and $0.5 million, respectively.

Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons

S-K)

S-K

Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

non-competition

non-solicitation

— Non-Competition

Non-Solicitation

Director Independence

See “—Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance — Controlled Company Exception and Director Independence” for information on director independence.

[TABLE 589 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The following table summarizes the aggregate fees for professional services provided by Deloitte & Touche LLP, the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu and their respective affiliates (collectively, the “Deloitte Entities”):

[TABLE 590 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 591 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 592 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 593 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 594 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 595 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

pre-approve

non-audit

Part IV.

[TABLE 596 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 597 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 598 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

See Item 8 above.

[TABLE 599 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable, and therefore have been omitted.

[TABLE 600 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 601 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 602 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 603 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 604 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 605 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 606 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 607 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 608 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 609 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 610 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 611 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 612 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 613 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 614 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 615 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 616 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 617 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 618 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 619 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 620 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 621 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 622 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

[TABLE 623 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

[TABLE 624 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

None.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 27, 2026

[TABLE 625 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on this 27th day of February, 2026.

[TABLE 626 REMOVED FROM ANALYSIS TEXT]
