ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We collect, use and store personal information of our employees, consumers and other third parties in the ordinary course of business. In addition, we sell certain products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we offer promotions, rebates, loyalty and other programs through which our data systems may receive personal information. We recognize the importance of data privacy and security and are committed to safeguarding and protecting our information and any other information entrusted to us. We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information which is integrated with our overall risk management program. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan to respond to security breaches and cyberattacks. Our cybersecurity incident response plan is part of our overall Information Security Program, which is led by the Company’s Vice President, Global Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) and overseen by the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer , and is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of, the Company, and the Company’s ability to operate. Our cybersecurity incident response plan includes controls and procedures for timely and accurate reporting of any material cybersecurity incident. We design and assess our program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF).

Our cybersecurity risk management program includes:

risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our global enterprise IT environment;

a security team responsible for managing our (1) cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) security controls, and (3) response to security breaches and cyberattacks;

the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, perform tabletop exercises or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls and designed to anticipate cyberattacks and respond to breaches, including a biennial maturity assessment of our program by an external third-party;

cybersecurity information security awareness training that all employees, including the Executive Leadership Team and independent contractors who have a Church & Dwight email address participate in annually, to help them better understand the issues and risks relative to cybersecurity, as well as data privacy (for our employees). We have also conducted training programs for our Board of Directors to enhance Directors’ literacy on information security issues;

periodically throughout the year, our IT department performs phishing and other exercises to both test our systems and reinforce training of our personnel;

a cybersecurity incident response plan managed by our CISO that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents and is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of all information possessed by the Company;

policies to establish requirements for protecting information assets and defining acceptable behaviors to ensure compliance, mitigate risks, prevent unauthorized access, and foster a culture of security awareness and accountability, thereby enhancing the organization's overall security posture; and

a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and vendors.

We have not experienced any material cybersecurity events or incidents. Although third party service providers that we engage have encountered cybersecurity events or incidents during the year ended December 31, 2025, our investigation of each event or incident concluded that these occurrences have not resulted in a material impact on our systems, computing environments, customers, or data. We follow our cybersecurity incident response plan, to monitor for threats when a third-party we use experience a cyberattack. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or cash flows.

Cybersecurity Governance Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Audit Committee oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program, including reviewing risk assessments from management with respect to our information technology systems and procedures, and overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes. The Audit Committee, which is tasked with oversight of certain risk issues, including cybersecurity, receives reports from the Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer and the Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer each quarter . At least annually, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee also receive updates about the results of exercises and response readiness assessments led by outside advisors who provide a third-party independent assessment of our technical program and our internal response preparedness. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board of Directors on these matters, and the full Board also receives periodic briefings regarding our Information Security Program and cyber threats, including threats faced by our peers, in order to enhance our directors’ literacy on cyber issues. In addition, management will update the Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents that we may experience. Our management team, including our Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer , is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. The team has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and oversees both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our management team’s cybersecurity risk management is led by our CISO, who has significant experience across digital innovation and technology-enabled growth, information security, infrastructure, operations and compliance. Our management team supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, law enforcement, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the IT environment.

Cybersecurity Governance

Our Board considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function and has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks. The Audit Committee oversees management’s implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program, including reviewing risk assessments from management with respect to our information technology systems and procedures, and overseeing our cybersecurity risk management processes.

The Audit Committee, which is tasked with oversight of certain risk issues, including cybersecurity, receives reports from the Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer and the Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer each quarter . At least annually, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee also receive updates about the results of exercises and response readiness assessments led by outside advisors who provide a third-party independent assessment of our technical program and our internal response preparedness. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board of Directors on these matters, and the full Board also receives periodic briefings regarding our Information Security Program and cyber threats, including threats faced by our peers, in order to enhance our directors’ literacy on cyber issues. In addition, management will update the Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents that we may experience. Our management team, including our Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer , is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. The team has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and oversees both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our management team’s cybersecurity risk management is led by our CISO, who has significant experience across digital innovation and technology-enabled growth, information security, infrastructure, operations and compliance.

The Audit Committee, which is tasked with oversight of certain risk issues, including cybersecurity, receives reports from the Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer and the Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer each quarter . At least annually, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee also receive updates about the results of exercises and response readiness assessments led by outside advisors who provide a third-party independent assessment of our technical program and our internal response preparedness. The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board of Directors on these matters, and the full Board also receives periodic briefings regarding our Information Security Program and cyber threats, including threats faced by our peers, in order to enhance our directors’ literacy on cyber issues. In addition, management will update the Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding cybersecurity incidents that we may experience.

Our management team, including our Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer , is responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats. The team has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program and oversees both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our management team’s cybersecurity risk management is led by our CISO, who has significant experience across digital innovation and technology-enabled growth, information security, infrastructure, operations and compliance.

Our management team supervises efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which include briefings from internal security personnel; threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, law enforcement, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us; and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the IT environment.

I TEM 2. PROPERTIES

We lease a corporate office building in Ewing, New Jersey for our global corporate headquarters. The lease expires in 2033 and includes two 10-year extension terms at our option. In addition, we own an office building in Fort Collins, Colorado that is occupied by Waterpik and an office building in Princeton, New Jersey that is occupied by our research and development department.

We own or lease manufacturing facilities, warehouses and other offices in 16 different U.S. states and 10 different countries outside of the U.S. Many of our domestic and international sites manufacture and distribute products for multiple segments of our business. We believe that our operating and administrative facilities are adequate and suitable for the conduct of our business. We also believe that our production facilities are suitable for current manufacturing requirements for our consumer and specialty products businesses.

I TEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We, in the ordinary course of our business are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions, government investigations and proceedings from time to time, including, without limitation, those relating to commercial transactions, product liability, purported consumer class actions, employment matters, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and other compliance related matters. Such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages may not be estimable. Certain legal actions could result in an adverse outcome for us, and any such adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There are no relevant matters to disclose under this Item for this period.

I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable .

P ART II
