UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission file number 1-10585

CHURCH & DWIGHT CO., INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

500 Charles Ewing Boulevard , Ewing , NJ 08628

(Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 609 ) 806-1200

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2025 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $ 22.9 billion. For purposes of making this calculation only, the registrant excluded the shares of common stock (the “Common Stock”) of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (the “Company”) held by directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the common stock. The aggregate market value is based on the closing price of such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2025.

As of February 9, 2026, there were 236,694,241 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Certain provisions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be filed not later than April 30, 2026 are incorporated by reference in Items 10 through 14 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10‐K (this “Annual Report”).

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including, among others, statements relating to net sales and earnings growth; the impact of the Touchland acquisition; the impact of tariffs; the intended benefits of the exploration of strategic alternatives for certain of our businesses; gross margin changes; trade and marketing spending; marketing expense as a percentage of net sales; sufficiency of cash flows from operations; earnings per share; the impact of new accounting pronouncements; cost savings programs; recessionary conditions; interest rates; inflation; consumer demand and spending; the effects of competition; the effect of product mix; volume growth, including the effects of new product launches into new and existing categories; the impact of acquisitions; and capital expenditures. Other forward-looking statements in this report may be identified by the use of such terms as “may,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” “plan,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “anticipate,” “to be,” “to make” or other comparable terms. These statements represent the intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs of the Company, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable but may prove to be incorrect. In addition, these statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the Company’s control and could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include a decline in market growth, retailer distribution and consumer demand (as a result of, among other things, political, economic and marketplace conditions and events), including those relating to the outbreak of contagious diseases; the impact of new regulations and legislation and change in regulatory priorities; shifting economic policies in the United States; potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs; increased or changing regulation regarding the Company’s products and its suppliers in the United States and other countries where it or its suppliers operate; the impact on the global economy of the Russia/Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East, including the impact of export controls and other economic sanctions; potential recessionary conditions or economic uncertainty; the impact of continued shifts in consumer behavior, including accelerating shifts to on-line shopping; unanticipated increases in raw material and energy prices, including as a result of the Russia/Ukraine war and conflicts in the Middle East or other inflationary pressures; delays and increased costs in manufacturing and distribution; increases in transportation costs; labor shortages; the impact of price increases for our products; the impact of inflationary conditions; the impact of supply chain and labor disruptions; the impact of severe or inclement weather on raw material and transportation costs; adverse developments affecting the financial condition of major customers and suppliers; competition; changes in marketing and promotional spending; growth or declines in various product categories and the impact of customer actions in response to changes in consumer demand and the economy, including increasing shelf space or on-line share of private label and retailer-branded products or other changes in the retail environment; impairment charges or other negative impacts to the value of the Company’s assets; consumer and competitor reaction to, and customer acceptance of, new product introductions and features; our ability to complete the announced strategic alternatives for certain of our businesses and realize the intended benefits; the risk that the announcement of strategic alternatives could have an adverse effect on the Company; the Company’s ability to maintain product quality and characteristics at a level acceptable to our customers and consumers; disruptions in the banking system and financial markets; the Company’s borrowing capacity and ability to finance its operations and potential acquisitions; higher interest rates; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; market volatility; issues relating to the Company’s information technology and controls; the impact of natural disasters, including those related to climate change, on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including third party information technology service providers; integrations of acquisitions or divestiture of assets; the outcome of contingencies, including litigation, pending regulatory proceedings and environmental matters; and changes in the regulatory environment in the countries where we do business.

For a description of additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, please see Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report.

The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the United States federal securities laws. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “Church & Dwight,” “we,” “us,” “our” and “Company” refer to Church & Dwight Co., Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

PART I

PART II

PART III

P ART I

IT EM 1. BUSINESS

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS

We were founded in 1846 and incorporated in Delaware in 1925. We develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household and personal care products and specialty products focused on animal and food production, chemicals and cleaners. Our well-recognized brands include ARM & HAMMER® baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, carpet deodorizer and other baking soda-based products; OXICLEAN® stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents and bleach alternatives; BATISTE® dry shampoo; WATERPIK® water flossers; THERABREATH® oral care products; HERO® acne treatment products; TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizers; TROJAN® condoms, lubricants and vibrators; FIRST RESPONSE® home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; NAIR® depilatories; ORAJEL® oral analgesic; XTRA® laundry detergent; and ZICAM® cold shortening and relief products. Seven of those brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM & HAMMER®; OXICLEAN®; BATISTE®; WATERPIK®; THERABREATH®; HERO® and TOUCHLAND® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. Prior to the sale of our VITAFUSION® and L'IL CRITTERS® (“VMS”) business at the end of 2025, we included VMS as an eighth “power brand.”

We sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. We sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS AND PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS

As discussed in more detail below, we operate in three principal segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International, and our Specialty Products Division (“SPD”). Refer to Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report and the discussion in “Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for information concerning the results of each of our segments.

All domestic brand “rankings” contained in this Annual Report are based on dollar share rankings from Information Resources, Inc. (“IRI”) Total US – Multi Outlet (“MULO”) for the period ending December 28, 2025. Foreign brand “rankings” are derived from several sources.

The VMS business which was divested on December 31, 2025 is included in all values and statements, unless otherwise noted.

Recent Acquisitions

On July 16, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Touchland Holding Corp (“Touchland”), the developer of TOUCHLAND® hand sanitizer products (the “Touchland Acquisition”). The Company paid $656.0 million, net of cash acquired, at closing and entered an agreement to pay an additional amount based on 2025 net sales thresholds which will result in a cash payment of $159.0 million to be paid in the first half of 2026. In addition, the Company granted rights to Touchland’s founder to receive shares of our common stock valued at $50.0 million, with 50% of such shares vesting at each of the first-and-second year anniversaries of the closing. The value of common stock received by Touchland's founder will be recognized as compensation expense ratably over the two-year vesting period if the individual continues to be employed by the Company. Payment of a $5.0 million portion of the purchase price was deferred related to certain indemnification obligations provided by Touchland’s equity holders, which amount, to the extent not used in satisfaction of such indemnity obligations, is payable three years from the closing. The Touchland Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and is managed in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments. Touchland’s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024 were approximately $115.0 million.

Divestitures and Business Exits

On May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses, which we exited by the end of 2025. These businesses generated approximately $118.0 million of annual Net Sales in 2025. As a direct result of these actions, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $45.6 million (post-tax of $34.5 million) in 2025, of which $25.0 million was recorded in Cost of Sales and $20.6 million was recorded in SG&A. The charge was recorded in the second quarter within the Consumer Domestic segment and was comprised of non-cash charges related to impairments of intangible and fixed assets, as well as charges related to inventory valuation. A reduction to the second-quarter charge was recorded in the fourth quarter, reflecting final costs to exit the Spinbrush business.

On December 9, 2025, the Company announced a definitive agreement to sell the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands to Piping Rock Health Products, Inc. The sale was completed on December 31, 2025, and included the VitaFusion and L’il Critters brands, relevant trademarks and licenses, and Church & Dwight's former manufacturing and distribution facilities in Vancouver and Ridgefield, Washington.

The VMS brands represented less than 5% of our 2025 net sales. As a result of this transaction, we incurred a one-time, pre-tax charge of $58.5 million (post-tax of $45.6 million) in the fourth quarter of 2025 which is included in Other income (expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

The decision to reposition our portfolio with these business exits enables us to devote greater focus to our portfolio’s faster growing value and premium product lines.

Consumer Domestic

Our founders first marketed sodium bicarbonate, otherwise known as baking soda, in 1846 for use in home baking. Today, this product has a wide variety of uses in the home, including as a refrigerator and freezer deodorizer, scratch-free cleaner and deodorizer for kitchen surfaces and cooking appliances, bath additive, dentifrice, cat litter deodorizer and swimming pool pH stabilizer. We specialize in baking soda-based products, as well as other products which use the same raw materials or technology and which are sold across multiple consumer and professional use categories. Our Consumer Domestic segment includes each of our seven power brands, as well as other well-known brands and household and personal care products. We divide the Consumer Domestic segment into household and personal care product groups.

Household Products

In 2025, household products constituted approximately 54% of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 41% of our consolidated net sales.

Our primary household products include laundry detergents marketed under the ARM & HAMMER, OXICLEAN and XTRA brands, fabric softener sheets marketed under the ARM & HAMMER brand, cat litter under our ARM & HAMMER brand, and household cleaning products under the CLEAN SHOWER®, ORANGE GLO®, and OXICLEAN brands. Our laundry detergents constitute our largest consumer business, measured by net sales.

ARM & HAMMER Baking Soda remains the number one leading brand of baking soda in terms of consumer recognition of the brand name and reputation for quality and value. The cleaning and deodorizing properties of baking soda have led to the development of numerous baking soda-based household products. For example, we market ARM & HAMMER FRIDGE FRESH®, a refrigerator deodorizer equipped with a baking soda filter to help keep food tasting fresher, and ARM & HAMMER Carpet Deodorizer.

Personal Care Products

In 2025, personal care products constituted approximately 46% of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 36% of our consolidated net sales.

Our personal care business was founded on the unique strengths of our ARM & HAMMER trademark and baking soda technology. We have expanded our personal care business through the acquisition of antiperspirants, oral care products, including mouthwash, depilatories, reproductive health products, oral analgesics, nasal saline moisturizers, cold shortening and relief, acne treatment, and hand sanitizers under a variety of other leading brand names.

ARM & HAMMER Baking Soda, when used as a dentifrice, helps whiten and polish teeth, removes plaque and leaves the mouth feeling fresh and clean. These properties led to the development of a complete line of sodium bicarbonate-based dentifrice products that are marketed and sold nationally primarily under the ARM & HAMMER® brand name. Our other personal care products include antiperspirants and deodorants under the ARRID® and ARM & HAMMER® brands, condoms under the TROJAN® brand (the number one condom brand in the U.S.), water flossers under the WATERPIK® brand (the number one water flosser brand in the U.S.), home pregnancy test kits under the FIRST RESPONSE® brand (the number two pregnancy test kit brand in the U.S.), hair-removal products under the NAIR® brand ( the number one depilatory in the U.S.), oral analgesics and oral care products under the ORAJEL® brand (the number one oral care pain relief in the U.S.), cold shortening and relief products under the ZICAM® brand ( the number one cold shortening brand in the U.S. ), a growing number of dry shampoo products under the BATISTE® brand (the world's number one dry shampoo brand), VIVISCAL® (the number two leading supplement for thinning hair in the U.S), TOPPIK® hair fiber brands (the number one leading brand of hair fiber cosmetics for thinning hair in the U.S.), oral care products under the THERABREATH® brand (the number one alcohol free mouthwash in the U.S.), nasal saline moisturizers and solutions under the SIMPLY SALINE® brand, the HERO® acne treatment products brands (the number one acne and acne patch brand in the U.S.), and hand sanitizers under the TOUCHLAND® brand (the number one hand sanitizer brand in the U.S.) .

Consumer International

Our Consumer International segment markets a variety of personal care, household and over-the-counter products in international subsidiary markets, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, Mexico, China and the United Kingdom. We also export to over 100 countries around the world through our global markets group (the “Global Markets Group” or “GMG”) using a broad network of third-party distributors.

Total Consumer International net sales represented approximately 18% of our consolidated net sales in 2025. Net sales of Consumer International originating in Europe, Canada, Australia and Mexico accounted for 24%, 23%, 7% and 8%, respectively, of our 2025 international net sales in this segment. No product line accounts for more than 20% of our total international net sales.

Some of our U.S. power brands such as ARM & HAMMER®, BATISTE®, HERO®, THERABREATH®, OXICLEAN®, TOUCHLAND® and WATERPIK® are distributed in many of our international markets. In addition, we also export unique brands such as STERIMAR® and FEMFRESH® out of the United Kingdom.

We also market the CURASH® line of baby care products in Australia, and GRAVOL® anti-nauseant and RUB-A535® topical analgesic in Canada and other international markets. We sell ANUSOL® hemorrhoid medications out of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and in other international markets. We also sell WATERPIK® water flossers in Australia, Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Mexico and in other international markets.

Specialty Products Division

Our SPD segment focuses on sales to businesses and participates in three product areas: Animal Nutrition, Specialty Chemicals and Commercial & Professional, and accounted for approximately 5% of our consolidated net sales in 2025.

Animal Nutrition Products

Since the ARM & HAMMER® Animal Nutrition business began in 1972, with its launch of ARM & HAMMER® baking soda as a feed additive to help dairy cows produce more milk, we have built a leading portfolio of nutritional supplements designed to help improve the health and productivity of dairy cows. In addition, we market a line of high-quality protein and amino acid products, including BIO-CHLOR® and FERMENTEN®, which are designed to help reduce health issues associated with calving, as well as provide needed protein to ensure proper growth and milk production.

Over the last several years, we have expanded our product offerings to include unique prebiotics and probiotics. CELMANAX® Refined Functional Carbohydrate is a yeast-based prebiotic that helps ensure a well-functioning gastrointestinal track in dairy cows, beef cattle, poultry and other livestock. CERTILLUS® is a family of probiotics products used in the poultry, dairy, beef and swine industries.

Specialty Chemicals

Our specialty chemicals business primarily encompasses the manufacture, marketing and sale of sodium bicarbonate in a range of grades and granulations for use in industrial markets. In industrial markets, sodium bicarbonate is used by other manufacturing companies as a leavening agent for commercial baked goods, as an antacid in pharmaceuticals, as a carbon dioxide release agent in fire extinguishers, as an alkaline agent in swimming pool chemicals, and as a buffer in kidney dialysis.

We and Occidental Chemical Corporation are equal partners in a joint venture, Armand Products Company (“Armand”), which manufactures and markets potassium carbonate and potassium bicarbonate for sale in domestic and international markets. The potassium-based products are used in a wide variety of applications, including agricultural products, specialty glass and ceramics, and potassium silicates. Armand also manufactures a potassium carbonate-based animal feed additive for sale by us in the dairy industry, described above under “Animal Nutrition Products.” Armand’s results are included in our equity in earnings of affiliates which is not reflected in a reportable segment.

Commercial & Professional

We also provide a line of cleaning and deodorizing products for use in commercial and industrial applications such as office buildings, hotels, restaurants and other facilities.

COMPETITION

We compete in the household and personal care consumer product categories, which are highly innovative categories, characterized by a continuous flow of new products and line extensions, and require significant advertising and promotion. We compete in these categories primarily on the basis of product innovation and performance, brand recognition, price, value and other consumer benefits. Consumer products, particularly laundry, are subject to significant price competition. As a result, we, from time to time, may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Product introductions typically involve heavy marketing and trade spending in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether the new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of the new products or the extension of the product line.

Because of the competitive retail environment, we face pricing pressure from our retail customers and customers selling through other channels, particularly high-volume retail customers including, internet-based retailers, who have increasingly sought to obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms that could reduce our margins. Furthermore, if we are unable to maintain price or trade terms acceptable to our customers, they could increase product purchases from competitors and reduce purchases from us, which would harm our sales and profitability.

Our competitors in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments include, among others, Procter & Gamble Company (“P&G”), The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., Nestlé S.A., Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, LifeStyles Healthcare, Kenvue Inc., Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi, Edgewell Personal Care, Panoxyl, Starface, GOJO Industries, Inc., and Peach & Lily. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do and have the capacity to outspend us in their attempts to gain market share. In addition, the growing number of sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, internet-only brands and retailer co-developed and owned brands, have increased competition in certain product categories, particularly within personal care, and specialty hair and skin care, from less well capitalized competitors.

Competition within our animal nutrition and our specialty chemicals product lines is intense. The specialty chemicals business operates in a competitive environment influenced by capacity utilization, customers’ leverage and the impact of raw material and energy costs. Product introductions typically involve introductory educational costs in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of new products or the extension of the product lines. Our key competitors with respect to our SPD segment are Cargill Incorporated, Lallemand Inc., Solvay Chemicals, Inc., Genesis Alkali/WE Soda and Huber-Natural Soda, Inc. For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.”

DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PRODUCTS

Our Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments products are marketed primarily through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. The Consumer Domestic Segment employs a sales force based regionally throughout the U.S. and utilizes the services of independent brokers, who represent our products in the food, mass, pet, dollar, club, and numerous other classes of trade. Our Consumer International segment conducts business through subsidiaries and global export markets. Our subsidiaries employ local sales and marketing teams that manage the retailer and trade relationships while export sales and marketing professionals also manage an extensive distributor network in our global export markets. Our products are stored in our plants and third-party owned warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities.

SPD markets sodium bicarbonate and other chemicals to industrial and agricultural customers primarily throughout the U.S. and Canada. Distribution is accomplished through a dedicated sales force supplemented by manufacturers’ representatives and independent distributors. Our products in this segment are stored in our plants and public warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities.

SEASONALITY

Our business is generally not seasonal, although the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments are affected by sales of WATERPIK water flossers (which typically are higher during the fall, in advance of the holiday season), sales of NAIR depilatories and waxes (which typically are higher in the spring and summer months), sales of ZICAM cold shortening and relief products and TOUCHLAND hand sanitizers (which typically are higher in the fourth quarter of each year, in advance of the cold and flu season and renewed commitments to health). In SPD, several of our Animal Nutrition products experience higher demand in warmer weather months creating higher seasonal demand in the second and third quarters of the year.

RAW MATERIALS AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY

We manufacture sodium bicarbonate for our consumer and specialty products businesses at our plants located at Green River, Wyoming and Old Fort, Ohio. The primary source of soda ash, a basic raw material used in the production of sodium bicarbonate, is the mineral trona, which is found in abundance in southwestern Wyoming near our Green River plant. We have adequate trona reserves under mineral leases to support our sodium bicarbonate requirements for the foreseeable future.

We are a party to a partnership agreement with Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners, which mines and processes trona reserves in Wyoming. We fulfill a substantial amount of our soda ash supply requirements through the partnership and related supply and services agreements, enabling us to achieve some of the economies of an integrated business capable of producing sodium bicarbonate and related products from the basic raw material. The partnership agreement and other supply agreements between Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners and us are terminable upon two years notice by either of us. We believe that sufficient alternative sources of soda ash supply are available.

We believe that ample sources of raw materials are available for all our other major products and we have increased qualified dual sources of materials to approximately 70% of our total spend on direct materials as part of our resilient supply focus. Alternative sources of supply are available in case of the disruption or termination of the supply agreements.

The cost of raw materials, including surfactants, diesel fuel and oil-based raw and packaging materials used primarily in our consumer businesses, increased modestly in 2025 relative to 2024. Increases in the prices of certain raw materials could materially impact our costs and financial results if we are unable to pass such costs along in the form of price increases to our customers.

We utilize the services of third-party contract manufacturers around the world for certain products.

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

Our trademarks appear in upper case letters throughout this Annual Report. The majority of our trademarks are registered with either the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or with the trademark offices of many foreign countries. The ARM & HAMMER trademark has been used by us since 1867 and is important to the successful operation of our business. Our products are sold under many other valuable trademarks held by us, including TROJAN, NAIR, ORAJEL, WATERPIK, FIRST RESPONSE, XTRA, OXICLEAN, BATISTE, SIMPLY SALINE, ZICAM, THERABREATH, HERO and TOUCHLAND. Our portfolio of trademarks represents substantial value in the businesses using the trademarks.

U.S. patents are currently granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed. Although we actively seek and maintain a number of patents, no single patent is considered significant to the business as a whole.

CUSTOMERS AND ORDER BACKLOG

In each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, net sales to our largest customer, Walmart Inc. and its affiliates (“Walmart”), were approximately 23% of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales in the three-year period. The time between receipt of orders and shipment is generally short, and as a result, backlog is not significant.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

General

All of our products are subject to regulation by one or more U.S. agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”), the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”), the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), as well as foreign agencies such as the European Commission, Health Canada, the Australia Therapeutic Goods Administration, the Mexico Federal Commission for Protection Against Health Risks (COFEPRIS), the UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, the Chinese National Medical Products Administration and others.

FDA regulations govern a variety of matters relating to our products, such as product development, manufacturing, premarket clearance or approval, labeling, distribution and post-market surveillance including complaint vigilance. The regulations adopted and standards imposed by the FDA and similar foreign agencies evolve over time and can require us to make changes in our manufacturing processes and quality systems to remain in compliance. These agencies periodically inspect manufacturing and other facilities. To maintain certification of our quality system and certain of the technical files of our products, we must monitor and adapt to changes to applicable standards. These changes may impose burdensome new requirements that require significant investment or rework. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations and standards, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines and penalties, the recall of products and cessation of manufacturing and/or distribution.

In addition, we sell products that are subject to regulation under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, which are administered by the EPA. Similar laws exist in other markets and may apply to our products.

We are also subject to regulation by the FTC and its counterparts in other jurisdictions in connection with the content and truthfulness of our labeling, advertising, promotion, trade practices and other matters. The FTC and foreign agencies have instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising or for the use of otherwise false or misleading advertising claims and practices. These enforcement actions have resulted in consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Such actions can result in substantial financial penalties and significantly restrict the marketing of our products.

The CPSC and consumer protection agencies around the world have jurisdiction over consumer products, regulate their safety and have authority over recalls. The CPSC administers the Poison Prevention Packaging Act and has issued regulations requiring special child resistant packaging for certain products, including pharmaceuticals, dietary supplements, and dietary substances, containing certain ingredients (e.g., iron). The CPSC and similar foreign agencies also develop and enforce mandatory product safety standards to address trending safety concerns, such as the use of button cell batteries or the presence of toxic chemicals in consumer products.

The FCC regulates interstate and international communications by radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. territories. An independent U.S. government agency overseen by Congress, the Commission is the federal agency responsible for implementing and enforcing America’s communications law and regulations. The FCC administers the Communications Act of 1934, specifically in Title 47, Section 301. This section grants the FCC the power to regulate and oversee the use of the electromagnetic spectrum, including electrical products that generate energy or radiofrequency. Our electrical products, such as WaterPik flossers and Trojan vibrators, are also subject to the Radiation Control provisions of the federal FDCA. This law, administered by the FDA, governs products that emit radiation, including medical devices as well as radiation-emitting electronic products.

Our relationship with certain union employees is regulated by various agencies of the countries, states, provinces and other localities in which we sell our products.

Medical Device Clearance and Approval

To be commercially distributed in the United States, a medical device must, unless exempt, receive clearance or approval from the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”). For lower risk class II devices, we must generally submit a premarket notification requesting clearance for commercial distribution known as a “510(k)” clearance. Our condoms, lubricants, STERIMAR nasal congestion relief, home pregnancy test kits and WATERPIK professional dental products are regulated as class II devices. Some other low risk devices, including nasal congestion relief and wound wash, wrist supports, WATERPIK water flossers and HERO pimple patches are in class I or are unclassified and are generally exempted from the 510(k) requirements. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a device must be determined to be substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a benchmark device, or “predicate” that is already legally in commercial distribution. Any modification to a 510(k) cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a change in its intended use, generally requires a new 510(k) clearance. We may determine that a new 510(k) clearance is not required, but if the FDA disagrees, it may retroactively require a 510(k) clearance and may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance is obtained.

In many countries outside the United States, to distribute a medical device lawfully, we must demonstrate conformity to local or regional standards for quality, safety and performance. For class II medical devices, we must obtain either government approval or certification from an accredited and approved Notified Body ("NB") that also performs periodic planned and surprise audits of our files and our quality system. These audits are shared in some cases, specifically among regulators in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Japan. Modification to a certified device generally requires government or NB review and approval prior to implementation of the change. Additionally, all safety incidents reported to a Health Authority must also be reported to the NB.

OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Requirements

We market over-the-counter (“OTC”) pharmaceutical products, such as topical acne products, anticavity toothpaste, anticavity rinse, antiperspirant, hemorrhoid relief, skin protectant, antinauseant, oral analgesic and sunscreen drug products, that are subject to FDA and foreign regulation. Under the U.S. OTC monograph system, OTC pharmaceutical products that meet established conditions are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of a new drug application. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specify requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Following the passage of the CARES Act, FDA is updating and working to finalize current monographs, including those that affect our oral care products and HERO sunscreens. With these new regulations, OTC products will now need to be “state of the art” and will have significant focus on Good Manufacturing Practices (“GMPs”), especially manufacturing, final formulation testing, stability testing, and safety incident reporting. Products not in the monograph system can be deemed to be unapproved new drugs and can be forced from the market. This is particularly the case for homeopathic drug products like certain ZICAM products. Both the FDA and the FTC have taken the position that homeopathic products are unapproved new drugs. Regulatory action

against these products is deemed unlikely unless the products present an unreasonable safety risk. ZICAM homeopathic products are not currently perceived to pose such risk.

All facilities where OTC pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) regulations and/or regulations promulgated by competent authorities in the countries where the facilities are located. All of our pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored and distributed according to cGMP regulations. The FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representations made to customers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, such as seizure, injunction or recall. Serious product quality concerns could also result in governmental actions against us that, among other things, could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products, product seizures, loss of certain licenses or other governmental penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. We are required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of our OTC pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S and other countries where such products are sold.

We cannot predict whether new legislation regulating our activities will be enacted or what effect any legislation would have on our business.

Medical Device, OTC/Pharmaceutical and Cosmetic Pre- and Post-Market Regulation

Before and after a medical device, OTC/pharmaceutical, and/or cosmetic is commercialized, numerous regulatory requirements apply, including:

international quality system regulations, including those of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, impose cGMP requirements governing the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, servicing, labeling, storage, installation, and distribution of all finished medical devices and OTC pharmaceuticals intended for human use;

global standards and regulations affecting product design and development, including requirements to keep existing products current to the “state of the art,” and doing an ongoing assessment of the risk acceptability, adopting risk control measures where appropriate, and re-assessing the clinical benefit;

labeling regulations, including a prohibition on product promotion for unapproved or “off label” uses;

the medical device and drug reporting regulation requiring a manufacturer to report to the regulatory authorities if its drug or device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur and ongoing post-market surveillance of the product and like-products to continuously evaluate the benefit/risk over the life of the product; and

regulations on corrections and removals which require a manufacturer to report recalls and field actions to the regulatory authorities if initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the applicable laws.

Food Products

We market baking soda and animal feed products, such as rumen fermentation enhancers and Dietary Cation-Anion Difference (“DCAD”) balancers that are also subject to FDA and foreign regulation. The Food Safety Modernization Act (“FSMA”) regulates food and animal feed products and mandates preventive controls, including hazard analysis, risk controls, supplier qualifications and controls and increased record keeping. FSMA grants the FDA the authority to require mandatory recalls for products under certain conditions. The FDA is currently in the process of establishing rules and guidance to implement the provisions of FSMA. The potential impact of these rules and applicable guidance will be determined as they are published, and compliance plans will be affected as necessary.

Dietary Supplements

The processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, importing, selling, and storing our dietary supplements sold under the VIVISCAL, ZICAM, REPHRESH, GRAVOL and ORAJEL brands are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the FTC, the CPSC, the EPA, and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. The FDCA governs the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements. Additionally, dietary supplements sold outside the U.S. may be regulated as drugs.

It is unlawful to market as a dietary supplement any article that is approved as a new drug or is authorized for investigation as a new drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public, unless that article was first marketed as a dietary supplement or food. The FDA has authority to effectively void that restriction through the issuance of a regulation finding the article lawful. The FDA has issued Warning Letters to companies selling supplements with unapproved new dietary ingredients, unsafe food additives, and/or drug claims.

Dietary ingredients that were not marketed in the U.S. before October 15, 1994 must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing, unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food without being chemically altered. The notification must provide evidence of a history of use or other evidence establishing that use of the dietary ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. The FDA may determine that notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a new ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe, which could effectively prevent the marketing of the ingredient. In May 2022, the FDA issued draft guidance on enforcement policy with regard to premarket notification of new dietary ingredients. Although the draft guidance was issued for public comment and does not have the force of law, it is a strong indication of the FDA’s current thinking on the FDA’s approach to enforcement. The FDA has signaled its intent to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations by requiring submission of a pre-market safety notification for “new” dietary ingredients.

A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess information substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim or an unauthorized version of a health claim, or if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific evidence or is otherwise false or misleading, the claim could not be used and any product bearing the claim could be subject to regulatory action.

The FDA’s cGMP regulations govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. As with OTC products, the FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our dietary supplement facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representation made to consumers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, seizure, injunction or recall. There is considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA’s interpretation and implementation of the cGMP regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations may render products manufactured in that facility adulterated and subject those products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential FDA enforcement actions. The manufacturer, packer, or distributor of a dietary supplement marketed in the U.S. whose name appears on the label of the supplement is required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of that supplement to the FDA.

Additional legislation may be introduced which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. The effect of additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, if and when promulgated, cannot be determined. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards and require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation.

Sustainability Strategy and Pillars

Sustainability is how we refer to our environmental, social & governance (ESG) efforts to deliver growth and profitability while making a meaningful and positive impact. Our global sustainability strategy is derived from our heritage and organizational values. We believe that Sustainability is critical to the health of the communities in which we operate, contributes to a better world and benefits our business both financially and operationally. Each year we publish a Sustainability Report that discloses our business and corporate responsibility commitments and details our performance metrics and targets and other components of our sustainability efforts. Our 2024 Sustainability Report is available on our web site at https://churchdwight.com/pdf/Sustainability/2024-Sustainability-Report.pdf, and our 2025 Sustainability Report will be available in April 2026 (the “2025 Sustainability Report” and together with the 2024 Sustainability Report, the “Sustainability Reports”). References to our Sustainability Reports are for informational purposes only and neither the Sustainability Reports or the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The following six pillars are the core focus of our sustainability efforts . Each is supported through our Governance practices, which are intended to maintain a system of rules, processes and practices that determine how we operate and align the interests of our stakeholders in support of ethical business practices and financial success.

Our Brands: Delight consumers with our brands and contribute towards a more sustainable world

Products: Provide safe and effective products for consumers and the environment

Packaging: Utilize consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging

Employees and Communities: Embrace the principles of good corporate citizenship and social responsibility within the communities we can impact

Environment: Minimize environmental impact of our global operations, with a focus on increased renewable energy usage, reduced water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and solid waste to landfills

Responsible Sourcing : Improve our suppliers’ environmental, labor, health & safety and ethical practices

Environmental . Our operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to environmental concerns, including air emissions, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management activities, and the safety of our employees. We

endeavor to take actions necessary to comply with such regulations. These steps include periodic environmental and health and safety audits of our facilities. The audits, conducted by independent firms with expertise in environmental, health and safety compliance, include site visits at each location, as well as a review of documentary information, to determine compliance with such federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. We strive to minimize the impact of our expanding global operations and to meet the challenge of managing our environmental footprint. Our environmental priorities include providing effective products that are safe for our consumers, the animals they care for and the environment; utilizing consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging; reducing greenhouse gas emission and water usage; recycling solid waste; and improving our suppliers’ environmental practices.

Social . Our Social focus is driven by our goals of delighting consumers with our brands through our contributions to sustainability; improving our suppliers’ labor, health & safety, environmental and ethical practices; and supporting our employees and communities – all to create a stronger more resilient company. Employee safety and wellness remain two of our highest priorities. We administer company-wide policies designed to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA and local standards. We embrace the diversity of our employees across all dimensions and believe that a diverse and inclusive workforce fosters innovation and promotes an environment filled with unique perspectives, talents, and experiences. We strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit. We do not discriminate in our recruiting, hiring, or promotion on the basis of protected class characteristics or conditions. We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities through our Employee Giving Fund, which supports charitable organizations where our employees work and live, and The Church & Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the “Foundation”) which is focused on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Employee Giving Fund and the Foundation are administered by our employees. See pages 12 to 13 in Item 1 of this Annual Report under “ Human Capital” for a discussion of our human capital management.

Governance . Our sustainability governance focus includes the processes, rules, resources and systems in support of our operational and sustainability efforts, as were described in our 2025 Proxy Statement and will be described in our Proxy Statement for our upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption “Sustainability Strategy and Pillars” and in our 2025 Sustainability Report. Our Corporate Issues Council (the “Council”), comprised of senior executives representing all our key functional areas, guides the integration of sustainability within all parts of our business and drives continuous improvement in our Sustainability Program. The Council takes the lead in defining and implementing our sustainability strategies across six pillars. Our Board of Directors, acting principally through its Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee, oversees our Sustainability Program , including our resilience related policies and programs. The Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee focuses on governance, brands, products, packaging, responsible sourcing, environmental, and all other areas of our Sustainability Program not otherwise overseen by the Compensation & Human Capital Committee and the Audit Committee. Our Compensation & Human Capital Committee focuses on issues related to our people. Our Audit Committee oversees our compliance and ethics program. Our Compensation & Human Capital Committee and Board also review the results of our periodic employee engagement surveys and has oversight over our planned response strategy. Our Political Contributions Policy, which is posted in the Investor Relations section of our website, sets forth our policies regarding political contributions and membership in industry groups that further our business goals. Our General Counsel and Chairman of the Board are responsible for ensuring that stockholder requests, recommendations and proposals are evaluated by the Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committee, additional committees within the Board as appropriate, and then by the Board of Directors, if needed.

As described in our Sustainability Reports, our continued progress in key areas of sustainability has earned recognition from various third parties.

We use the standards and guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB)which incorporate the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board industry specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, to inform our sustainability disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our Sustainability Reports. The “materiality” thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of “materiality” for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission’s rules in this Annual Report. Moreover, the inclusion of sustainability disclosures in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Commission does not necessarily imply that we consider them to be material for purposes of the federal securities laws or the Commission’s rules and regulations governing such disclosure.

HUMAN CAPITAL

Overview

Much of our success comes from our culture. Our people share a collective energy and ambition towards making a difference supporting the greater good, by providing affordable, quality products for everyday life, as reflected in our sustainability commitments, and by giving back to their communities. Our culture generates a collective passion, strength and determination to make an outsized impact, every day.

Safety and Wellness

Employee safety and wellness in both plants and offices remain two of our highest priorities. We develop and administer company-wide policies to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA standards.

Our Employees

As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 5,550 global employees, a decrease of approximately 200 compared to December 31, 2024. Approximately 85% of our workforce is located in the Americas, 11% in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 4% in the Asia-Pacific region. About 55% of our employees are salaried and about 45% are paid hourly wages. During fiscal 2025, our overall turnover rate was approximately 17%. Our revenue per employee in fiscal 2025 was approximately $1.12 million.

Inclusive and Effective Workforce

We embrace the diversity of our employees in all dimensions and our efforts aspire to help us achieve a more inclusive workforce and optimize our long-term performance. We also strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent at every level based on merit.

As a company we remain committed to fair treatment, access, opportunity, and advancement for all.

In 2023 we launched several Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”). These Company-supported, employee-run groups contribute to our goal of building and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace at Church & Dwight. We started the program with ERGs for military veterans (V.A.L.O.R.), black employees (B.O.L.D.) and women (W.A.V.E.). Each ERG is open to all employees and is intended to create inclusive environments where all global employees feel connected, valued, and inspired to build customer value and contribute to our Company’s success.

Hiring, Development and Retention

Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent and recognizing and rewarding performance, while continually developing, engaging and retaining our talented employees.

We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving employee performance and improving retention. This includes management training aimed at continuous learning, professional training and development opportunities, targeted leadership development courses for new and existing leaders of different levels of seniority, tuition reimbursement, on-boarding efforts, job specific programs for our employees, cultural reinforcement and more.

Compensation and Benefits

Attracting and retaining talent is a priority at Church & Dwight. We offer competitive pay and a range of benefits that support the well-being of our workforce. This includes offering competitive salaries and wages, as well as benefits such as health insurance, retirement and profit-sharing plans, and paid time off.

Employees are eligible for health insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental, vision, hospital indemnity, accident, critical illness, and disability insurance, life insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, reproductive rights coverage, participation in savings plans, and identity theft insurance, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs.

Communities

We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities, and in 2025, our Employee Giving Fund supported our communities by providing approximately $1.3 million in employee and corporate contributions to 224 deserving community organizations through annual grants, disaster relief, and other monetary support. Employees purchased back-to-school supplies online to support disadvantaged youth, donated clothes and non-perishable items for clothing and food drives and provided supplies for a summer camp and holiday dinner for families in need.

In 2020 we established the Church and Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the “Foundation”) with the focus on helping to create educational and employment opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Foundation is administered by our employees. In 2025, ten organizations were chosen and received grants totaling approximately $1.1 million.

PUBLIC INFORMATION

We maintain a website at www.churchdwight.com and on the “Investors-Financials-SEC Filings” page of our website we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”). Also available on the “Investors-Governance Documents” page on our website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for the Audit, Compensation & Human Capital and Governance, Nominating & Corporate Responsibility Committees of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), our Code of Conduct, our Information Security, Governance FAQs and our Political Contributions Policy. We also publish a Sustainability Report that summarizes our business and corporate responsibility commitments and accomplishments including those related to our environmental, social, and governance performance. For more information regarding our sustainability strategy and pillars please see the “Responsibility” page on our website and the discussion under the caption “Sustainability Strategy and Pillars” included above. Each of the foregoing is also available in print free of charge and may be obtained upon written request to: Church & Dwight Co., Inc., 500 Charles Ewing Boulevard, Ewing, New Jersey 08628, attention: Secretary. The information presented on our website is not a part of this Annual Report and the reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only.

I TEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report or in our other filings with the Commission, could, individually and collectively, have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our Common Stock:

Business and Operational Risks

We face intense competition in our markets.

We face intense competition from consumer products companies, both in the U.S. and in international markets. Most of our products compete with other widely-advertised promoted and merchandised brands within each product category and from retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, which are increasingly offering private label and retailer-branded brands and generic non-branded products in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices, and consumers are increasingly seeking lower cost “private label” products. In China, in particular we face strong competition from local manufacturers offering both generic and branded products. The use of evolving technology to develop more complex pricing models by retailers has led and may continue to lead to pricing pressures in some categories. In addition, an increase in consumers purchasing more “private label” or other lower price brands has increased competition in certain product categories in particular, including diagnostic kits and oral analgesics, and there has been increased consumer shifts to private label products across multiple categories. Shifting consumer behavior, including continuing shifts to online shopping, has also increased competition in e-commerce in many of our categories, from our larger legacy competitors and newer digitally native brands which have increasingly moved into consumer products and staples.

Many of our competitors are large companies, including, among others, P&G, The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson & Son, Inc., Nestlé S.A., Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, LifeStyles Healthcare, Kenvue Inc., Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi, Edgewell Personal Care, Panoxyl, Starface, GOJO Industries, Inc., and Peach & Lily. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do, and these competitors, as well as new market entrants, may therefore, have the capacity to outspend us on advertising and promotional activities and introduce competing products or adopt new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, more quickly, successfully and effectively, and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can.

Our products generally compete based on performance, brand recognition, price, value or other benefits to consumers. Significant price competition may require us to reduce the prices for some of our products to price levels that do not offset manufacturing cost increases, to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Increases to our prices, because of inflationary pressures or otherwise, could cause declining sales of products whose prices we have increased. In response to inflationary pressures and other factors, we have raised prices on many of our products across our global portfolio of brands in recent years. Ongoing periods of high inflation or increased costs resulting from higher tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other countries could lead to additional price increases on these or our other products, adversely impacting demand for our products. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail customer decisions regarding the brands and product lines they sell and on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs, including the use of digital and social media to reach consumers, are not effective, our sales growth may decline.

A continued change in the retail environment and changing consumer preferences could cause our sales to decline.

Despite increasing shifts to e-commerce, sales of our products remain highest in the traditional mass merchandiser, food and drug retail stores, and our products are also sold in club stores and dollar store channels. However, alternative retail channels, including direct to consumer, e-commerce retailers, hard discounters, subscription services and buying clubs, have become more prevalent and the volume of consumer products that are sold through such alternative retail channels is continuing to increase, which may affect customer and consumer preferences, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build or further expand their e-commerce capacity. In addition, a growing number of alternative sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, native online brands, private label and store brands, direct-to-consumer brands and channels and discounter channels, have emerged in the markets we serve. In particular, the growing presence of, and increasing sales through, e-commerce retailers have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer behavior or preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and market dynamics, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity. In 2025, some of our largest customers launched private label brands that compete with our products and may continue to expand those offerings in the future. Further, consumer preferences continue to evolve due to a number of factors, including fragmentation of the consumer market and changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of Generation Z and Generation Alpha who have different spending, consumption and purchasing habits and are increasingly shifting to “private label” products and new nontraditional brands rather than maintaining allegiance to historical brands; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding sustainability practices of manufacturers, including the environmental impacts of products and the sourcing and sustainability of, packaging materials, such as plastic

packaging, and their environmental impact; greenhouse gas emissions; waste disposal practices; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; changing consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources among different demographic groups; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products; reduced brand loyalty; and concerns regarding human capital practices.

We and many of our competitors have increased our online sales as a result of shifting consumer behavior, benefiting from scale, brand recognition, and other factors. However, as consumers continue to shift their behavior, retailers may incur higher e-commerce operating costs and will seek to recover those costs by passing them onto customers and manufacturers. Additionally, we cannot predict the extent to which our increased e-commerce demand will continue or the impact on our profits as retailers seek to recover higher e-commerce related operating costs. Any significant changes in consumer preferences or behavior could materially and negatively impact demand for our products and, in turn, our net sales and results of operations. Consumer preferences are also influenced by the perception of our brand images or those of our products, the success of advertising and marketing campaigns, our ability to engage with consumers in the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media or assets, and the perception of our advertising content, use of social media and extent of engagement in political and social issues. If we are not successful in continuing to adapt to changing consumer preferences and market dynamics or expanding sales through e-commerce retailers or alternative retail channels, consumers may reduce their purchasing of the Company’s products which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows.

Volatility and increases in the price of raw and packaging materials or energy costs could erode our profit margins.

The principal raw materials and packaging used by us and certain of our suppliers and contract manufacturers include surfactants (cleaning agents), paper products and resin-based molded components. Volatility, and increases in the costs of raw materials without offsetting price increases, disruptions in production or transportation, or increases in the costs of energy, labor, shipping and other necessary services, or other inflationary pressures, including market conditions, inflation, banking failures, supplier capacity restraints, geopolitical developments (including the ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and political upheaval in the Middle East and Europe), tariffs on imported materials or the impact of tariffs on products or materials exported outside of the U.S., new regulations or economic policies, federal government spending disputes and government shutdowns, port congestions, strikes or delays, transport capacity restraints, or other disruptions, could significantly affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution. While slowing year-over-year, inflationary pressures continued in 2025, and we continue to be affected by increased costs impacting our supplies, transportation or manufacturing processes which could impact our gross margin. While we have increased prices on a majority of our products in recent years, there is no assurance that we will be able to fully offset any input costs increases, through cost reduction programs or price increases of our products or enter locked-in price arrangements or hedge agreements, especially given the competitive environment. Sustained, those price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may reduce their prices or customers may decide not to pay higher prices or to purchase lower priced alternatives, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. While we seek to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume, our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases. In addition, volatility in certain commodity markets could significantly affect our production cost. Additionally, increased tariffs, or proposed increases to tariffs, imposed by the U.S. or other countries could have the impact of increasing costs on a wide range of products and services, including on our products and items used to manufacture and deliver our products, and could lead to increased prices, price volatility and reduced demand for our products.

From time to time, we use hedge agreements to mitigate the volatility of commodities and diesel fuel prices. The hedge agreements are designed to add stability to product costs, enabling us to make pricing decisions and lessen the economic impact of abrupt changes in prices over the term of the contract. However, in periods of declining fuel or other commodity prices, the hedge agreements can have the effect of locking us in at above-market prices.

Loss of any of our principal customers could significantly decrease our sales and profitability.

A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales and/or net sales of specific product lines. Walmart is our largest customer, accounting for approximately 23% of net sales in each of 2025, 2024, and 2023. Our top four customers accounted for approximately 44%, 43%, and 44% of net sales in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues. As a result, changes in the strategies of any of our largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or of shelf space they dedicate to private label products, could materially harm our net sales and profitability. Any loss of or significant reduction in sales to one of our key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in consumer behavior, including continued shifting to online shopping instead of physical retail shopping, could also impact our sales to our largest customers. Some of our retail customers have experienced and may experience in the future declining financial performance, which could affect their ability to pay amounts due to us on a timely basis or at all. If these impacts are prolonged, they can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations. Moreover, the use of evolving technology by our customers to develop more complex pricing models may lead to category pricing pressures. We could also lose a significant customer due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues. As our business is based primarily upon individual sales orders rather than long-term contracts and most customer agreements include customer termination rights after short notice, many of our customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from us at any time and for any reason.

Market category declines and changes to our product and geographic mix may impact the achievement of our sales growth targets, planned pricing and financial results.

A significant percentage of our revenues come from mature markets that are subject to high levels of competition where product differentiation is more challenging and price competitors can erode profit margins. During 2025, approximately 82% of our sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for consumer products are considered mature and commonly characterized by high household penetration, particularly with respect to our most significant product categories, such as laundry detergents, deodorizers, household cleaning products, toothpastes, antiperspirants and deodorants. Our ability to quickly innovate to differentiate our products (including product packaging and sustainability profiles) to meet changing consumer demands is essential, especially in light of e-commerce significantly reducing the barriers for even small competitors to quickly introduce new brands and products directly to consumers. Even if we are successful in increasing sales within our product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the overall markets for our products could have a negative impact on our financial results. We have implemented price increases and may implement additional price increases in the future, including to account for increased costs, which may slow sales growth or create volume declines in the short term as customers and consumers adjust to these price increases.

Decreases in demand for our products would decrease our sales and profitability.

Factors that can affect demand include competitors’ products, advertising and pricing actions, inflationary pressures, rates of unemployment, consumer confidence, health care costs, including increased costs as a result of changes in federal regulations, significant shifts in government policies, the deterioration of economic or trade relations between countries or regions, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs and other economic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, including gasoline and home heating oil pricing, reduced unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment, restrictions on travel and access to public spaces, and changes in tax policies, other effects of governmental shutdowns or a lapse of appropriations or fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak. In particular, we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of laundry detergent, and the continued customer demand for these products is critical to our future success. There has been a decrease in demand for some of our products in recent years, including condoms, as a result of demographic and other changes. We believe that inflation drove a decline in consumer spending for our Waterpik brand, as a growing number of water flosser consumers switched to competitors' value-branded products.

An increasing number of our products are more discretionary in nature and, therefore, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending.

We rely on the policies of our key retail customers.

Larger and increasingly consolidated retailers have an increasing influence, and have sought to obtain lower pricing, special packaging inventory practices, logistics or other changes to the customer-supplier relationship as a result of this influence. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms to those customers, our profit margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to effectively respond to the demands of our customers, these customers could reduce their purchases of our products and increase their purchases of products from competitors. Reductions in inventory by our customers, including as a result of consolidation in the retail industry, or these customers managing their working capital requirements, could result in reduced orders for our products and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows for financial periods affected by such reductions.

Protracted unfavorable market conditions have caused many of our customers to more critically analyze the number of brands they sell, and reduce or discontinue certain of our product lines, particularly those products that were not number one or two in their category.

In addition, private label and retail-branded products sold by retail trade chains are typically sold at lower prices than branded products. As consumers look for opportunities to decrease discretionary spending, our customers have discontinued or reduced distribution of some of our products to encourage those consumers to purchase the customers’ less expensive and, in some cases, more profitable private label and retail-branded products (primarily in the stain fighters, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories).

We may be unable to successfully identify, finance, complete and integrate future strategic acquisitions, or successfully complete or realize the anticipated benefits of strategic divestitures.

We may continue to pursue and consummate additional acquisitions, divestitures or substantial investments in complementary businesses or products in the future. However, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive valuations, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete future acquisitions. Potential acquisitions may be significantly larger than the ones completed in the past and may require us to increase our levels of debt, potentially resulting in us being assigned a lower credit rating. Increases in interest rates in recent years may make it more difficult to borrow at attractive rates to fund future acquisitions. In recent periods, competition from other consumer products companies that are seeking similar opportunities has been particularly strong, and valuations for potential acquisition assets have been high, which has placed pressure on our ability to identify, structure and execute transactions. In addition, acquisitions and investments entail various risks, including the difficulty of entering new markets, product categories, or business models, the challenges of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired

businesses or products, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the ongoing business of the acquired company, the need to review and, if necessary, upgrade processes and systems of the acquired company to conform to our own processes and systems and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, managing an increasingly broad and complex range of businesses and products, and, generally, our potential inability to obtain the desired financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition or investment. Any of these risks may divert management and other resources, require us to incur unanticipated costs or delay the anticipated positive impact on our business and results of the acquisition. The risks associated with assimilation are increased to the extent we acquire businesses that have stand-alone operations or businesses that are in new categories that cannot easily be integrated or operations or sources of supply outside of the U.S. and Canada, for which products are manufactured locally by third parties.

Acquired companies or operations or newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. In addition, future acquisitions or investments could result in substantial cash expenditures, the potentially dilutive issuances of new equity by us or the incurrence of additional debt or business acquisition liabilities, or the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as those relating to advertising claims, environmental issues and litigation. To the extent that the economic benefits associated with an acquisition or investment diminish in the future we may be required to record impairments of intangible assets. In addition, if the performance of an acquired company or business is less robust than expected, the Company has in the past recorded, and may, in the future, be required to record, impairments of intangible assets. Any impairment charges could adversely affect the Company's financial condition, margins and results of operations.

The Company has divested and may, in the future, divest certain assets, businesses or brands. In 2025, we exited from the Flawless, Spinbrush, Waterpik showerhead businesses and divested of our VMS business. We completed the sale of our VMS business at the end of 2025. These and other future potential divestitures could affect the profitability of the Company as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss of the operating income or sales resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities that are not assumed by the acquirer that may negatively impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. When we undertake to divest assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies, which could impact the achievement of our strategic objectives. We could also fail to obtain necessary regulatory approval or incur unexpected or higher costs or charges than planned and could experience unanticipated impacts to our business, any of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. If the Company is unable to complete a divestiture or successfully transition a divested business, including the effective management of the related separation and overhead costs, transition services, and the maintenance of relationships with customers, suppliers, and other business partners, its business and financial results could be negatively impacted. The Company may also be required to recognize impairment charges or other losses as a result of a divestiture.

Adverse economic conditions continue to impact a portion of our businesses and potential recessionary economic conditions may impact consumer demand for certain of our products and put downward pressure on product prices, and we will continue to evaluate our business portfolio.

New products and product line extensions may not gain widespread customer acceptance, may be otherwise discontinued, or cause sales of existing products to decline.

Our future performance and growth depend on our ability to successfully identify, develop and introduce new products, product line extensions, products in adjacent categories to our current products, and anticipate changes in consumer preferences. In addition, some of our products have shorter product life spans and depend heavily on our ability to continuously and timely introduce innovative new products to the marketplace. The successful development and introduction of new products involves substantial research, development, marketing and promotional expenditures, which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which we have limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development or launch delays, competitor actions, regulatory approval hurdles and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. In addition, sales generated by new products could result in an associated decline in sales of existing products.

Each year, we introduce new products across the majority of our brands, including launches into new “white space” categories. However, there is no assurance that our new products will continue to have widespread acceptance. Success in launching new products is also dependent on our ability to deliver effective and efficient marketing in an evolving media landscape (including digital and social media), which is subject to dynamic and increasingly restrictive privacy requirements. If product introductions are not successful, costs associated with these efforts may not be fully recouped and our net earnings or margins could be adversely affected. From time to time, we have discontinued certain products and product lines, which resulted in returns from customers, asset write-offs and shutdown costs. We may suffer similar adverse consequences in the future to the extent we discontinue products that do not meet retailer or consumer expectations or no longer satisfy consumer demand.

We are subject to cost overruns and delays, regulatory requirements, and miscalculations in capacity needs with respect to our expansion projects and our manufacturing facilities, as well as disruptions to our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers.

From time to time, we initiate planned and unplanned expansion projects with respect to our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers which are subject to risks of, and we have from time to time experienced, delay or cost overruns resulting from numerous factors, including the following: shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; unanticipated cost increases; difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; difficulties in meeting regulatory or quality requirements or obtaining regulatory approvals; availability of suppliers to certify equipment for existing and enhanced regulations; design and engineering problems; failure or delay of third party service providers; and civil unrest, labor disputes, natural disasters and pandemics. If we were to experience delays or cost overruns in the future it could result in product allocation and retailer frustration, the loss of a significant customer or customers and the material decrease of the sales of one or more of our products. In addition, we could miscalculate our anticipated capacity needs in any of our categories, such as our laundry detergent, cat litter and dietary supplement categories, including as a result of meeting the anticipated demand of our customers, or expansion into new product lines or into new markets.

Additionally, the supply of our products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers and our ability to meet customer service levels. The manufacturing of certain of our products is concentrated in one or more of our plants, contract manufacturers or other suppliers, with limited alternate qualified facilities available. Many of our manufacturing processes and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are complex and present difficult technical challenges to obtain the manufacturing yields necessary to operate profitably and may require complex and specialized equipment which can be expensive to repair or replace with required lead times of up to a year.

Any event that disrupts or otherwise negatively impacts manufacturing facilities, manufacturing systems or equipment, or contract manufacturers or other suppliers could result in the delivery of inferior products or affect our ability to meet customer requirements or service levels.

We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers, including sole source contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain products, and supply chain issues may result in product shortages or disruptions to the Company’s business.

We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain of our commodities and raw materials, including sole source suppliers for certain of our raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. New suppliers must be qualified pursuant to our standards and may also have to be qualified under governmental and industry standards and any other standards of our customers, which can require additional investment and time. We could experience material disruptions in production and other supply chain issues, largely because of shortages in supplier labor which continues to impact the availability of many raw and packaging materials, which continues to result in out-of-stock conditions. In addition, continued out-of-stock supplies or products due to supply chain issues may cause our customers to switch to competitors’ products that are more available. Moreover, our relationships with customers could be adversely affected if new or existing suppliers are unable to meet any standards set by us, government or industry regulations, or our customers, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations or experiences financial distress, or if any environmental, economic or other outside factors impact its operations. We may be unable to qualify any needed new contract manufacturers or suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and relationships based on a variety of factors; we may be unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business; certain of our suppliers may not meet the standards of our customers or licensors; or certain of our key contract manufacturers or suppliers may become insolvent or experience other financial distress or face closure or suspension of operations. If any of these events occurs and we have failed to identify and qualify an alternative vendor, then we may be unable to meet our contractual obligations and customer expectations, which could damage our reputation and result in lost customers and sales, or the incurrence of fines or higher than expected expenses. Further, in recent years, we have experienced continuing strain on our supply chain network and its ability to meet demands, including from disruptions from pandemics, ongoing conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, and other factors. In addition, our supply chain is dependent on materials, components and other products from Asia and other geographies that may be subject to disruptions in the supply chain, resulting in shortages that would affect our revenue and operating margins. Further, we could miscalculate our anticipated production capacity or expansion needs in any of our categories, such as our mouth rinse or acne treatment categories to meet the anticipated demand of our customers in existing and new markets.

Reduced availability of transportation or disruptions in our transportation network could adversely affect us.

We distribute our products and receive raw materials and packaging components primarily by truck, rail and ship and through various ports of entry. Reduced availability of trucking, rail or shipping capacity due to labor shortages, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, including climatic and weather-related events, allocation of assets to other industries or geographies or otherwise, work stoppages, closure of operations due to government restrictions or sick employees or other impacts of pandemics, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such transportation sources, could lead to inflationary cost pressures, cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or receive our raw materials or packaging components in a timely manner, which could disrupt our operations, strain our customer relationships and competitive position.

Investments in our facilities and operations, including investments in new facilities, equipment, technologies and digital transformation, may result in periods of decreased production or increased costs and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits.

We incur significant costs on an ongoing basis to upgrade and maintain various facilities, equipment, or technologies, including data management, improved equipment, and artificial intelligence to upgrade our operations and increase productivity. Additionally, we have in the past, and may in the future, incur increased costs or periods of decreased production relating to upgrading facilities, equipment and technologies, transferring production among our facilities, utilizing third-party contract manufacturers, closing existing facilities, expanding existing facilities, and opening new facilities. If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments are not sufficient to meet our business needs, we are unable to fully utilize new or upgraded facilities, or we are unable to complete our improvement and expansion projects in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our financial performance could be negatively affected.

Damage to the reputation of one or more of our leading brands could adversely affect us.

Our financial success is directly dependent on the reputation and success of our brands, particularly our power brands. Seven of our brands are designated as "power brands" because they compete in large categories, and we believe they have the potential for significant global expansion. Those seven brands are ARM & HAMMER®; OXICLEAN®; TOUCHLAND®; BATISTE®; WATERPIK®; THERABREATH®; and HERO® and represent approximately 70% of our net sales and profits. The effectiveness of these brands could suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand’s image or its ability to attract consumers. Our brands could suffer damage to their reputations due to real or perceived, sustainability, quality or safety issues, including as a result of, among other things, significant product recalls, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients or environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), or allegations of product tampering. In addition, as our sales on various e-commerce platforms grow, we may be unable to prevent sales of counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, unlawful or unethical sales, unauthorized resellers online, or sales in violation of our policies. As a result of the decline in market share and a deterioration in the financial performance of our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements (“VMS”) business, which includes the VITAFUSION and L’IL CRITTERS trade names, the Company recorded impairment charges in the third quarter of 2024, and completed the divestiture of the VMS business on December 31, 2025. On May 1, 2025, we announced that we would exit the Flawless, Spinbrush and Waterpik showerhead businesses, which we exited by the end of 2025.

Additionally, claims made in our marketing campaigns may become subject to litigation alleging false advertising and could cause us to alter our marketing plans and may affect sales or result in the imposition of significant damages against us.

Widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the accessibility and speed of dissemination of negative information and misinformation. Negative online consumer reviews or inaccurate posting or comments about us or our brands in the media or on any social networking website, whether accurate or inaccurate, or the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through social media, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. In addition, given the association of our individual products with us, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or us as a whole. In addition, the legal, regulatory and ethical landscape around the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning is rapidly evolving. The Company’s ability to timely adopt and adapt to this emerging technology in an effective and ethical manner may impact its reputation and ability to compete, and this technology could be, among other things, false, biased, or inconsistent with the Company’s values and strategies. Further, the use of generative artificial intelligence tools may compromise confidential or sensitive information, put the Company’s intellectual property at risk, or subject the Company to claims of intellectual property infringement, all of which could damage the Company's reputation.

We are subject to risks related to our expansion and international operations that could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our ability to continue to grow our sales and profits is dependent on expanding in the locations in which we already do business and entering into new geographic locations, both of which require significant resources and investments which would affect our risk profile. Further, our international operations subject us to risks customarily associated with foreign operations, including:

Changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation, interest rates, volatile commodity prices and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics, which could impact our manufacturing operations and that of our third-party partners;

currency fluctuations;

the Russia/Ukraine war and ongoing and new conflicts in the Middle East and increased tensions between China and Taiwan, and political developments in the Middle East, Europe and elsewhere;

widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics;

import and export license and taxation requirements and restrictions;

trade restrictions, including local investment or exchange control regulations, increased tariffs or other changes to economic and trade policies in the U.S. or abroad, including tariffs imposed in response to the economic policies of the U.S.;

changes in tariffs and taxes;

the effect of foreign income taxes, value-added taxes and withholding taxes, including the inability to recover amounts owed to us by foreign governments, and the determination of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “I.R.S.”) regarding the applicability of certain regulations, including those promulgated under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, to our international transactions;

the possibility of expropriation, confiscatory taxation or price controls;

restrictions on or the costs related to repatriating foreign profits back to the U.S.;

political or economic instability, and civil unrest;

potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, terrorism or other types of violence;

disruptions in the global transportation network, such as work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such other transportation sources, or other labor unrest;

extreme weather events resulting in power loss, damage to infrastructure and reduced economic development in vulnerable areas;

compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and United Kingdom Bribery Act;

difficulty in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;

regulatory and quality system requirements for certain products; and

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.

Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions by the U.S. and/or other countries or other changes put in place by the U.S. presidential administration, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets.

In addition, in all foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. The imposition of tariffs on products imported from certain countries in recent years has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. The sanctions introduced in response to the Ukraine conflict have further exacerbated these issues. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the U.S. and/or other countries, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position.

Failure to effectively utilize, successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect our competitiveness. Infringement by us of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of our products.

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We own the material trademarks and brand names used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the U.S. and in other countries. While we hold several valuable patents on our products, they may not serve as an effective barrier to entry for new competitors. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we cannot be sure that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or effectively utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights, or, where appropriate, license from others intellectual property rights necessary to support our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products in certain countries or globally or launch new product. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the U.S., the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the

same extent as the laws of the U.S. If other parties infringe our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with our brands and harm our sales. Our failure to perfect, successfully assert or license intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products within certain countries or globally, our operating results, cash flows and our financial condition.

In addition, if our products are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights could bring legal actions against us claiming substantial damages for past infringement and seeking to enjoin manufacturing, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of the affected products in certain countries or globally. If these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages from past infringement, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell the affected products, in certain countries or globally potentially adding significant costs. We might not prevail in any action brought against us or we may be unsuccessful in securing any license for continued use and therefore have to discontinue the manufacture, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of a product in certain countries or globally.

Impairment of our goodwill and other long-lived intangible and tangible assets may result in a reduction in net income.

We have a material amount of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets, as well as other long-lived tangible assets, which are periodically evaluated for impairment in accordance with current accounting standards. Declines in our profitability and/or estimated cash flows related to specific intangible assets, as well as potential changes in market valuations for similar assets and market discount rates, have resulted in impairment charges from time to time, and may result in future impairment charges. Refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed discussion.

Regulatory and Litigation Risks

We may be subject to product liability claims, withdrawals or recalls or other legal proceedings and from time to time we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense.

From time to time, we are subject to product liability or other product-related claims. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or purportedly caused by our products, including losses or injuries caused by raw materials or other components provided by third party suppliers that are included in our products. Claims could be based on allegations that, among other things, our products contain contaminants, are improperly tested, labeled or designed, or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or inadequate warnings of potential dangers related to their use. Whether or not successful, product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could harm our sales and operating results and the reputation of our brands. In addition, if one of our products is found to be defective or non-compliant with applicable rules or regulations, we could be required to withdraw or recall it, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although we maintain product liability and product recall insurance coverage, potential product liability or other product-related damages claims and/or withdrawal and recall costs may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy.

Litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain could entail significant expense.

From time to time, we are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions (including class actions), government investigations and proceedings, including, without limitation, those with allegations relating to commercial transactions, product liability, ingredients, consumer, employment, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and compliance-related matters. Such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions, investigations and proceedings may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages, injunctions and/or settlements may not be estimable.

Environmental matters create potential liability risks.

We must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. A release of such substances due to an accident or intentional act could result in substantial liability to governmental authorities or to third parties. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations.

Changing focus and sensitivity by governmental, non-governmental organizations, customers, consumers and investors to sustainability issues, including those related to climate resilience, plastic usage and ingredients, could result in increased operating or manufacturing costs and compliance challenges, which could adversely affect our business.

As climate resilience and other sustainability issues became more prominent in recent years, so has scrutiny by federal, state and local governments, non-governmental organizations and our customers, consumers and investors. This has resulted in new regulatory requirements such as various state-level Extended Producer Responsibility programs, California’s climate reporting legislation, the European Union’s (“EU”) Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”) and customer and consumer standards, as well as regulatory actions and executive orders issued by the current U.S. presidential administration that have targeted these areas. In addition, our stakeholders may continue to demand transparency regarding our diversity and inclusion efforts and they may receive scrutiny from U.S. regulators, investors and policy groups in connection with the new presidential administration’s priorities, and certain stakeholders have expressed negative sentiment regarding certain corporate sustainability initiatives. Our efforts to manage environmental impacts including addressing chemicals of concern and otherwise reducing or mitigating adverse effects on the environment, may not align with the expectations of all stakeholders and could expose us to increased regulatory or legal scrutiny. For example, some of our major customers have requested that we respond to various questionnaires, including the Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") integrated corporate questionnaires, and then use our responses and CDP scores regarding climate change, water and forests to evaluate us. Compliance with these requirements, standards and disclosure requests may be challenging and could cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products and/or result in increases in operating costs, and additional legal, compliance and regulatory risks and costs. We may also be required to contribute funds to support recycling and other waste management infrastructure, and/or incur costs associated with making necessary changes to our operations and controlling, assessing and reporting on certain sustainability metrics. These disruptions and additional costs could make our products more costly and less competitive than other products, which would adversely affect our business.

Any failure to achieve our sustainability goals or to effectively respond to new or current legal, regulatory or stakeholder sustainability requirements could adversely affect our business and reputation.

While we strive to minimize adverse impacts of our global operations, our ability to achieve any stated sustainability goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. We could lose revenue if our consumers change brands, major retailers delist our products or our retail customers move business from us because we have not effectively responded

to regulatory requirements, complied with their sustainability requirements or met their expectations related to our sustainability efforts, including with respect to climate resilience, plastic usage, or ingredients. In addition, our actual or perceived failure to achieve or make sufficient progress towards our stated sustainability goals or comply with sustainability related regulations could result in litigation, regulatory scrutiny or adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation, reduce consumer demand and devalue our brand equity. Further, sustainability-conscious investors may choose not to invest in our securities if we do not comply with their expectations, and investment managers may not include our securities in sustainability-designated funds. These areas have become increasingly politicized, and our efforts to address the concerns of some stakeholders could cause adverse impact to our relationships with other stakeholders.

Current and future laws and regulations in the countries in which we and our suppliers operate could expose us to increased costs and other adverse consequences.

The development, manufacturing, processing, formulation (including stability), packaging, labeling, marketing, distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by federal agencies, including the U.S. FDA, the FTC, the EPA and the CPSC and foreign regulators and agencies. In addition, our and our suppliers’ operations are subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the National Labor Relations Board. Our activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states, localities and foreign countries in which our products and their constituent materials and components are manufactured and sold.

In particular, the FDA and foreign counterparts regulate the formulation, safety, development, manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution of condoms, home pregnancy test kits, vaginal lubricants, electric and battery powered medical devices, wound dressings, over-the-counter medicines, homeopathic products and dietary supplements. The FDA or a similar foreign agency also exercises oversight over cosmetic products such as depilatories, hair care and skin care products. In addition, under a memorandum of understanding between the FDA and the FTC, the FTC has jurisdiction over the promotion and advertising of these products, and the FTC regulates the promotion and advertising of our other products as well. As part of its regulatory authority, the FDA may periodically conduct inspections of the physical facilities, machinery, processes and procedures that we and our suppliers use to manufacture regulated products and may identify compliance issues that would require us and our suppliers to make certain changes in our manufacturing facilities and processes. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to regulatory action against the products made in that facility, including seizure, injunction or recall, as well as to possible action against the owner of the facility/manufacturer. We may be required to make additional expenditures to address these issues or possibly stop selling certain products until the compliance issue has been remediated.

Likewise, any future determination by the FDA, the EPA or a similar foreign agency, or by us in reviewing our compliance with applicable rules and regulations, that our products or quality systems do not comply with applicable regulations could result in future compliance activities, including product withdrawals or recalls, import detentions, injunctions preventing the shipment of products, or other enforcement actions. For example, the FDA may determine that a particular claim that we use to support the marketing of a product is not substantiated or permissible under products’ regulatory classification, may not accept the evidence of safety for a new product that we may wish to market, may challenge the safety or effectiveness of existing products based on, among other things, changes in formulations, inadequate stability or “shelf-life,” consumer complaints, or improper labeling, may take action against our homeopathic products, such as our Zicam products, on the basis that they are unapproved drugs, and may determine that our dietary supplement business manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations do not comply with cGMPs. Similarly, we may identify these or other issues in internal compliance reviews of our operations and the operations and products of vendors and acquired companies. These other issues may include the identification of contaminants or non-compliant levels of particular ingredients. Any of the foregoing could subject us to adverse publicity, force us to incur unanticipated costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, delays in the acceptance, review and approval of products by the FDA or the EPA, or other required governmental approvals, may result from government shutdowns due to the failure by Congress to enact regular appropriations.

We are subject to regulations regarding the transportation, storage or use of certain chemicals to protect the environment, as well as the Commission’s rules with respect to “conflict minerals.” Recent trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, as well as sanctions by the U.S. and the European Union in response to the Russia/Ukraine war, have introduced greater uncertainty and volatility. In addition, renewed significant governmental actions pertaining to pandemics or other health emergencies, including lockdowns, quarantines or other restrictions on the ability of our employees to travel or perform necessary business functions or our ability to develop, manufacture, distribute, market or sell our products, or the ability of our suppliers, customers or third-party partners to effectively run their operations, may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, market and sell our products. We are not able to predict the nature of these changes or of such future laws, regulations, repeals or interpretations or to predict the effect additional or shifting governmental regulation, when and if it occurs, would have on our business in the future. Such developments could require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, expanded adverse event reporting or other new requirements.

There is also an increased risk of fraud or corruption in certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in maintaining effective internal controls. Additionally, we could be subject to future inquiries or investigations by governmental and other regulatory bodies, which may be delayed or disrupted due to any government furlough. We could also be adversely affected by violations, or allegations of violations, of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international anti-bribery laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international

anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.

We are subject to increasingly stringent privacy and data security regulation.

We collect, use and store personal data of our employees, customers and other third parties in the ordinary course of business, and we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy and security laws and regulations, as well as self-regulatory regimes, that apply to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer and employee data, including particularly the transfer of personal data between or among countries. High-profile security breaches of the information systems of a number of government agencies and U.S. companies may result in increased regulations and new security laws. The current administration and Congress in the United States, as well as state legislators, may seek to pass more stringent regulations in these areas, or more aggressively enforce existing regulations.

As of January 1, 2026, comprehensive privacy laws are in effect in 20 states, complicating our privacy compliance obligations through the introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, certain other states have enacted specific health data privacy laws and other states are considering similar legislation. This imposes significant compliance costs and exposes us to substantial risks, particularly with respect to health data and other sensitive data. While Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some or all of such U.S. state privacy laws, such legislation may also provide a more expansive private right of action for privacy claims than exists under current state laws.

We are currently subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act ( the "CCPA") as amended, other comprehensive US state privacy laws, the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the Personal information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), and Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act. Moreover, our use or sharing of certain data may subject us to the Video Privacy Protection Act (“VPPA“), and the California Invasion of Privacy Act (“CIPA”). Private plaintiffs and class action lawyers are increasingly bringing claims alleging violations of VPPA and CIPA, and courts have made inconsistent decisions regarding such claims. Such claims could thus lead to significant statutory damages or pressure to settle.

The CCPA contains significant obligations and requirements that have resulted in a greater compliance burden with respect to our operations and data usage of California residents, which will continue to increase our costs. The CCPA covers businesses that obtain or access personal information of California consumers, grants consumers enhanced privacy rights and control over their personal information and imposes significant requirements on covered companies with respect to consumer data privacy rights. The CCPA provides consumers with the right to opt out of the sale and “sharing” of their personal information. In November 2020, California voters adopted the CPRA that amends the CCPA, including creating a new agency to implement and enforce the law and enhancing and strengthening regulatory requirements and individual protections under the CCPA. As of January 2026, 19 other states have enacted, and more are considering, similar privacy, data protection and information security laws, which may subject us to additional requirements and restrictions that could have an impact on our business, further complicating our privacy compliance obligations through the introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, several states have enacted health-specific privacy laws or strengthened protections of health- and location-related data, and other states are considering similar legislation. Our website ecommerce and customer relations businesses that store, process or transmit payment cardholder data are subject to be Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance requirements as mandated by the credit card companies (Visa, Mastercard, and American Express) and the Payment Card Institute Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Moreover, the increasing use of ad-blocking technologies, browser and device privacy settings, and consumer opt-out choices may reduce advertising effectiveness and negatively impact our revenue.

In addition to state-specific data breach notification laws (which exist in all US states and territories), evolving federal cybersecurity laws may require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity incidents in limited timeframes and before investigations are complete. Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation.

Outside of the USA and globally, legislators and regulators have adopted stricter and more complex privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection regimes. In Europe, the European Union (“EU”) has adopted strict data privacy regulations and similar regimes have been adopted in other jurisdictions (e.g. the UK). Following the passage of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) and the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications (the “ePrivacy Regulation”), data privacy and security compliance in the EU are increasingly complex and challenging. The GDPR in particular has broad extraterritorial effect and imposes a strict data protection compliance regime with significant penalties for non-compliance (up to 4% of worldwide annual turnover or €20 million, whichever is higher). The United Kingdom (“UK”) has adopted the UK General Data Protection Regulation, or UK GDPR; the EU GDPR and UK GDPR are herein collectively referred to as GDPR. The GDPR imposes stringent data protection requirements for the processing of personal data, whenever GDPR applies to such processing, such as certain processing in the EEA, or in the UK. With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of a personal data breach where required, data integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal data. The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating

notably to information, access, rectification, erasure of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. Despite Brexit, the UK also has data protection laws equivalent to the GDPR. Uncertainty about compliance with these data protection laws remains, with the possibility that data protection authorities located in different EU Member States may interpret GDPR differently, or requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance on GDPR and compliance practices may be often updated or otherwise revised. Any of these events will increase the complexity and costs of processing personal data in the European Economic Area, UK or Switzerland or concerning individuals located in these jurisdictions.

It is also important to note that many countries are following the EU in producing a broad omnibus law in relation to privacy protection and enhanced cybersecurity requirements. In Asia, privacy and cybersecurity requirements are becoming more prescriptive and may include localization, mandatory breach notification obligations, security baseline requirements and cross-border transfer constraints. As a result of the various privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection regimes that apply to our operations globally, we may need to adapt our technologies or practices, incur material compliance and operational costs, restrict certain features or data uses in some jurisdictions, implement region-specific solutions, renegotiate vendor and customer terms, and/or change our business operations.

Failure to comply with applicable privacy, cybersecurity, or data protection requirements, or failure to prevent or promptly detect and remediate a security incident, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may also face audits, inquiries or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. An adverse outcome under any such process could subject us to fines, penalties or orders to cease, delay or modify collection, use or transfers of personal data. We could also face rights requests, complaints, claims, or litigation from those persons whose data we collect, use and store as well as related enforcement actions and penalties. Any of these events or other circumstances related to our collection, use and transfer of personal data could also lead to negative media attention, damage to our reputation in the market or otherwise adversely affect our business.

Changes in tax laws and regulations or in our operations may impact our effective tax rate and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in or the interpretation tax laws and regulations, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we evaluate our deferred income tax assets and record a valuation allowance if it is “more likely than not” that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. If the actual amount of our future taxable income is less than the amount we are currently projecting with respect to specific tax jurisdictions, or if there is a change in the time period within which the deferred tax asset becomes deductible, we could be required to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. The recording of a valuation allowance would result in an increase in our effective tax rate and would have an adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax assets or liability balances, which would also impact our effective tax rate.

On October 4, 2021, members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) agreed to a global minimum tax rate of 15%. On December 20, 2021, OECD published its model rules on the agreed minimum tax known as the Global Anti-Base Erosion (“GloBE”) rules. The GloBE Rules consist of an interlocking and coordinated system of rules which are designed to be implemented into the domestic law of each jurisdiction and operate together to ensure large multinational enterprise groups are subject to a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on any excess profits arising in each jurisdiction where they operate. On December 15, 2022, the European Council approved its directive to implement Pillar Two of the GloBE rules regarding a 15% global minimum tax rate. Many aspects of Pillar Two were effective for tax years beginning in January 2024, with certain remaining impacts becoming effective in 2025. On January 5, 2026 the OECD published Tax Challenges Arising from Digitalisation of the Economy- Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two), Side-by-Side Package. The Package includes certain safe-harbors applicable to certain U.S. parented multi-national corporations, and is required to be adopted by OECD member States to be effective. However, if these safe harbors are modified or not adopted, Pillar Two may increase our future effective tax rate. We will continue to monitor Pillar Two legislation as it evolves and and assess its potential impact on our global tax position.

Resolutions of tax disputes may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow.

Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We provide for uncertain tax positions with respect to tax positions that do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards mandated by applicable accounting guidance. Fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes or changes to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities, and although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation could be materially different than that reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. In addition, when particular tax matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.

Our amended and restated bylaws include an exclusive forum provision.

Our amended and restated bylaws include an “exclusive forum" provision, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. If a court outside of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we could incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition results of operations or cash flows.

Financial Risks

We have substantial indebtedness and we may incur substantially more debt in the future.

As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $2,205.0 million of total consolidated indebtedness, net of debt issuance costs. This amount of indebtedness could have important consequences, including:

making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations;

limiting our ability to fund potential acquisitions;

requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;

limiting our flexibility in reacting to general adverse economic conditions or changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

limiting our ability to repurchase our Common Stock; and

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt.

Additionally, our revolving facility is subject to certain financial and other customary covenants. In the event of a breach of those covenants, our lenders under the credit facility may be entitled to accelerate the related debt (and any lenders in respect of any other debt to which a cross-default provision applies may be entitled to accelerate such other debt), and we could be required to seek amendments or waivers under the debt instruments or to refinance the debt. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes. If additional new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. A substantial increase in our indebtedness could also have a negative impact on our credit ratings. In this regard, a deterioration in our credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate available to us in future financings, as well as our liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates in recent years, and while it has cut interest rates at recent meetings, and signaled that it expects to hold rates steady or decrease rates in the future, additional increases or the failure to reduce rates could impact the interest rates available to us for borrowings in the future. Any decision regarding future borrowings will be based on the facts and circumstances existing at the time, including market conditions and impact to our credit ratings.

Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations.

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk (both transaction and translation) with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Outside of the U.S., sales and costs are denominated in a variety of currencies, including the Canadian Dollar, Euro, Pound, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar, Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan, among others. A weakening of the currencies in which sales are generated relative to the currencies in which costs are denominated would decrease operating profits and cash flow. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we purchase materials and services in foreign markets. Although we, from time to time, enter into forward exchange contracts to reduce the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to anticipated but not yet committed sales or purchases denominated in the U.S. Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Pound, Euro, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar, Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan, foreign currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause our actual results to materially differ from such projections, which may adversely affect expectations regarding our future profitability and cash flows, which may impact our stock price.

Our financial projections, including, among other things, any sales or earnings guidance or outlook we may provide from time to time, are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related to, among other things, category growth, development and launch of innovative new products, market share projections, product pricing and sale, volume and product mix, foreign exchange rates and volatility, tax rates, commodity prices, distribution, cost savings, accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves, measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, and our ability, among other things, to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase our stock, make acquisitions, pay dividends and meet our debt obligations. Our financial projections are based, among other things, on historical experience, various other estimates and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made, and our actual results may differ materially from our financial projections. Any material variation between our financial projections and our actual results may adversely affect expectations regarding our future profitability and cash flow, which may impact our stock price.

General Risks

Our operating results have been, and could be in the future, adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events, or unfavorable worldwide, regional and local economic and financial market conditions.

Our operations, as well as the operations of our third-party manufacturers, suppliers and customers, may be subject to disruption from a variety of causes, including a protracted economic downturn or recessionary conditions, material shortages, inflation, financial difficulties, work stoppages, cyberattacks, and other disruptions in information technology systems, demonstrations, political instability or uncertainty in the U.S. or abroad, rising geopolitical tensions and hostilities (for example in the Middle East or between China and Taiwan), disease outbreaks or pandemics (for example, an outbreak of a virus such as COVID-19), acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters, disruptions in logistics, fuel and energy costs (for example, the price of gasoline), loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, raw material and product quality or safety issues, industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues. If a major disruption were to occur, it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of operations.

Other financial uncertainties in our major markets and unstable geopolitical conditions in certain markets, including civil unrest and governmental changes, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers’ purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders, price controls, limitations on profits, retaliatory tariffs, targeted boycotts of U.S. products and services, import authorization requirements and other restrictions on business activities which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. In addition, U.S. trade sanctions against countries designated by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase, which could make it difficult or impossible for us to continue to make sales to customers in such countries. The imposition of retaliatory sanctions against U.S. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to U.S. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to U.S. trade sanctions or other governmental action or policy, could also negatively affect our business. In February 2025, President Trump announced new tariffs on imports from certain countries, including Canada, Mexico and China. The scope, duration and magnitude of these additional tariffs, as well as a government’s adoption of “buy national” policies or retaliation by another government against such tariffs or policies, as well as the potential impact of changed purchasing decisions of consumers and retailers in these or other countries in response to these policies, have introduced significant uncertainty into the market and may affect the prices of and demand for our products. While the current impact of such actions may vary by market and may not be material in all cases, future changes in trade policies, particularly if escalated or sustained could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ongoing political uncertainty in many countries, has resulted in, and we expect will continue to experience, indirect impacts of the conflict in Ukraine and increased hostilities and political volatility in the Middle East, including increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials and commodities (including the price of oil), supply chain and logistics challenges and foreign currency volatility. It is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences these conflicts or the sanctions imposed to date. Increasing natural disasters in connection with climate and weather-related events could also be a direct threat to our third-party vendors, service providers or other stakeholders, including disruptions of supply chains or information technology or other necessary services for our Company.

We rely significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, theft or loss of data, malicious attack, integration failure, failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on our systems or other security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and damage the reputation of our brands.

We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-party service providers, to conduct our business. These systems include, but are not limited to, programs and processes relating to internal communications and communications

with other parties, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping product to customers, billing customers and receiving and applying payment, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, and other processes necessary to manage our business. We sell certain of our products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we offer promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal information, and we or our vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents that may result in unauthorized access, disclosure and misuse of consumer, customer, employee, vendor or Company information.

Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including viruses and malware, ransomware attacks, misuse of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, denial of service and phishing attacks and advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks, and services, and those of our customers and other business partners, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data, and the data of our customers and other business partners. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks. As a result, our information technology systems, networks or service providers could be damaged or cease to function properly or we could suffer a loss or disclosure of business, personal or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power outages and security breaches. Although we have business continuity plans in place and have implemented an incident response plan to address cybersecurity incidents, if these plans do not provide effective alternative processes on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct our operations which may adversely affect our business. In addition, if our service providers, suppliers or customers experience a breach or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in our supply chain or reduced customer orders or other business operations. Moreover, any costs related to a breach may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity policy. As cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as appropriate for our operations.

Our information technology systems and our third-party providers’ systems, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking and other cyberattacks. These risks also may be present to the extent that any of our partners, distributors, joint venture partners or suppliers using separate information systems, not integrated with our information systems, suffers a cybersecurity incident and could result in increased costs related to their inability to timely deliver on their commitments to us and/or our involvement in investigations or notifications conducted by these third parties. These risks may also be present to the extent a business we have acquired that does not use our information systems, experiences a system shutdown, service disruption, or cybersecurity incident. Due to the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as other evolving geo-political tensions, there is a possibility that the escalation of tensions could result in cyberattacks that could either directly or indirectly affect our operations. Such attacks may originate from nation states or attempts by outside parties, hackers, criminal organizations or other threat actors. In addition, insider actors–malicious or otherwise– could cause technical disruptions and/or confidential data leakage. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business or operations from these attacks; however, we cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers’ databases or systems.

In recent periods, several of our peer or similarly situated companies have experienced cybersecurity incidents. In addition, although we have policies and procedures in place governing cybersecurity risk, the secure storage of personal information collected by us or our third-party service providers, data breaches due to human error (including through the improper use of AI) or intentional or unintentional conduct may occur in the future, especially as we have shifted to more employees and other workers working remotely and having access to our technology infrastructure remotely.

While we continuously perform enterprise-wide upgrades to our systems and will continue to monitor and upgrade systems as appropriate, legacy systems may be vulnerable to increased risk. Additionally, if a new system does not function properly, it could affect our ability to order supplies, process and deliver customer orders and process and receive payments for our products. This could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Upgraded or new technology may not function as designed and any such upgrades may not go as planned. Moreover, because the techniques, tools and tactics used in cyberattacks frequently change and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after such an attack. As such, we may need to expend additional resources and incur additional costs in the future to continue to protect against or address problems caused by any business interruptions or data security breaches. Cyber threats are becoming more sophisticated, are constantly evolving and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Cyberattacks have also become more difficult to detect and respond to since they increasingly exploit AI and machine learning techniques, such as generative AI-phishing, deepfake impersonations, automated vulnerability discovery, adaptive malware, and large-scale credential-stuffing campaigns.

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and data protection standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data collection, use, and retention practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws and regulations, including reporting requirements, enactment of new laws and

regulations, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business.

We may not be able to attract, retain and develop key personnel.

The labor market in the United States is very competitive. Our future performance depends in significant part upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key personnel, including at our plants. Competition for qualified plant personnel remains intense. The failure to effectively manage executive succession planning, or the loss of other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. This effect could be exacerbated if any officers or other key employees left as a group or at the same time. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to attract, retain and develop a diverse and highly qualified workforce. Competition for such talent remains, and there can be no assurance that we can retain our key employees or attract, assimilate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, and the U.S. labor market has experienced wage inflation, sustained labor shortages, and a shift towards remote work. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of key employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers and the availability of qualified personnel in a tightening labor market. Our retention rates remain robust. Currently, global voluntary turnover for 2025 was at 6.9%, compared to 7.7% in 2024. Overall turnover for 2025 is 24.9%, up from 14.3% in 2024. This includes one-time involuntary actions within Waterpik and supply chain, the closure of the New Zealand site as well as the divestiture of our VMS business. Due to these large reductions in our workforce, we finished 2025 above the industry average of 18.7%. The overall turnover rate, excluding VMS, would have been 16.8% and below industry average. Global plant voluntary turnover for 2025 was at 6.9%, down from 7.9% in 2024. The total plant turnover was 33%, which is higher than the industry standard for plants at 29.5%. International turnover for 2025 was down to 14.9%, compared to 15.5% in 2024.

In addition, labor costs in the U.S. have risen in recent periods. Labor cost is one of the primary components in the cost of operating our business. If we face labor shortages and increased labor costs as a result of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, increases in employee benefits costs, or labor union organizing efforts, our operating expenses could increase and our growth and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Labor shortages, higher employee turnover rates and labor union organizing efforts could also lead to disruptions in our business. We may be unable to increase prices of our products in order to pass future increased labor costs onto our customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. Additionally, if we increase product prices to cover increased labor costs, the higher prices could adversely affect sales volumes.

Our continued growth and expansion, reliance on third-party service providers and implementation of new accounting standards could adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Our continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets, such as our acquisition of the ZICAM, THERABREATH, HERO, TOUCHLAND and other businesses, may place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting and require us to update our internal control over financial reporting to integrate such acquisitions. Moreover, we engage the services of third parties to assist with business operations and financial reporting processes, which injects additional monitoring obligations and risk into the system of internal control, including as a result of cyberattacks. When we are required to comply with new or revised accounting standards, we must make any appropriate changes to our internal control over financial reporting to fully implement the standards, which may require significant effort and judgment. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our results of operations accurately and on a timely basis, or to detect and prevent fraud and could expose us to regulatory enforcement action and stockholder claims.

Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of stockholder activism, an unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest or short sellers.

In recent years, proxy contests, unsolicited takeovers and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against numerous companies in our industry, including us. If such a campaign or proposal were to be made against us, we would likely incur significant costs. Stockholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance, strategic direction and operations of our business, or in our sustainability management and disclosure, through stockholder proposals or otherwise disrupting our business and diverting the attention of our management and employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business opportunities, the perception that we need a change in the direction of our business, or the perception that we are unstable or lack continuity, which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. Actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. We may also be the target of short sellers who engage in negative publicity campaigns that may use selective information that may be presented out of context or that may misrepresent facts and circumstances.

I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We collect, use and store personal information of our employees, consumers and other third parties in the ordinary course of business. In addition, we sell certain products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we offer promotions, rebates, loyalty and other programs through which our data systems may receive personal information. We recognize the importance of data privacy and security and are committed to safeguarding and protecting our information and any other information entrusted to us. We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk management program intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our critical systems and information which is integrated with our overall risk management program. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan to respond to security breaches and cyberattacks. Our cybersecurity incident response plan is part of our overall Information Security Program, which is led by the Company’s Vice President, Global Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) and overseen by the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Technology & Analytics Officer , and is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of, the Company, and the Company’s ability to operate. Our cybersecurity incident response plan includes controls and procedures for timely and accurate reporting of any material cybersecurity incident. We design and assess our program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework (CSF). Our cybersecurity risk management program includes: • risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, products, services, and our global enterprise IT environment; • a security team responsible for managing our (1) cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) security controls, and (3) response to security breaches and cyberattacks; • the use of external service providers, where appropriate, to assess, perform tabletop exercises or otherwise assist with aspects of our security controls and designed to anticipate cyberattacks and respond to breaches, including a biennial maturity assessment of our program by an external third-party; • cybersecurity information security awareness training that all employees, including the Executive Leadership Team and independent contractors who have a Church & Dwight email address participate in annually, to help them better understand the issues and risks relative to cybersecurity, as well as data privacy (for our employees). We have also conducted training programs for our Board of Directors to enhance Directors’ literacy on information security issues; • periodically throughout the year, our IT department performs phishing and other exercises to both test our systems and reinforce training of our personnel; • a cybersecurity incident response plan managed by our CISO that includes procedures for responding to cybersecurity incidents and is designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and continued availability of all information possessed by the Company; • policies to establish requirements for protecting information assets and defining acceptable behaviors to ensure compliance, mitigate risks, prevent unauthorized access, and foster a culture of security awareness and accountability, thereby enhancing the organization's overall security posture; and • a third-party risk management process for service providers, suppliers, and vendors. We have not experienced any material cybersecurity events or incidents. Although third party service providers that we engage have encountered cybersecurity events or incidents during the year ended December 31, 2025, our investigation of each event or incident concluded that these occurrences have not resulted in a material impact on our systems, computing environments, customers, or data. We follow our cybersecurity incident response plan, to monitor for threats when a third-party we use experience a cyberattack. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, or cash flows.
