Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

( amounts in millions )

The Company, in the normal course of doing business, is exposed to a variety of risks, including market risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and changes in interest rates. The Company does not have any significant concentration with any one counterparty.

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk

The Company conducts business in many foreign currencies through its worldwide operations, and as a result, is subject to foreign exchange exposure due to changes in exchange rates of the various currencies. Changes in exchange rates can positively or negatively affect the Company’s sales, operating margins and equity. The Company attempts to mitigate currency risk in a number of ways, such as locating factories in the same country or region in which products are sold, hedging contracts, cost reduction and pricing actions or working capital management. However, there can be no assurance that any or all such actions taken by the Company will be fully effective in successfully managing currency risk, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies of the Company’s worldwide operations.

One of the Company ’s wholly owned European subsidiaries (the “Euro Issuer”) has two outstanding unsecured senior notes issued in Europe (collectively, the “Existing Euro Notes”), each of which was issued with a principal amount of €500.0. The 0.750% Euro Senior Notes, which were issued in May 2020, mature on May 4, 2026, while the 2.000% Euro Senior Notes, which were issued in October 2018, mature on October 8, 2028. Additionally, on June 16, 2025, the Company issued €600.0 aggregate principal amount of unsecured 3.125% Senior Notes due June 16, 2032 (the “2032 Euro Notes”, and, together with the Existing Euro Notes, the “Euro Notes”). The Company and the Euro Issuer also have a commercial paper program (the “Euro Commercial Paper Program” and, together with the U.S. Commercial Paper Program, the “Commercial Paper Programs”), pursuant to which the Euro Issuer may issue, outside of the United States, short-term unsecured commercial paper notes. In addition to the Euro Notes, which are denominated in Euros, the Company may borrow, from time to time, under the Company’s $3,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”) and Euro Commercial Paper Program, and such borrowings have been and may continue to be denominated in various foreign currencies, including the Euro. When borrowing in foreign currencies, there can be no assurance that the Company can successfully manage changes in exchange rates, including in the event of a significant and sudden decline in the value of any of the foreign currencies in which such borrowings are made. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company’s debt.

The Company also utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for exposures associated with (i) certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies and (ii) net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries from which we expect to repatriate earnings to the United States. As of December 31, 2025, the fair value of such foreign exchange forward contracts was not material. A 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates would not have a material effect on the value of the hedges as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Company does not engage in purchasing forward contracts for trading or speculative purposes, and our derivative financial instruments are with large financial institutions with strong credit ratings. As of December 31, 2025, the Company does not have any significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. Refer to Note 1 and Note 5 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of derivative financial instruments.

Interest Rate Risk

The Company is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates based on the Company’s financing activities. The Company attempts to manage its exposure to interest rate risk through a mix of fixed and variable rate debt and hedging contracts in some cases. The Company currently has various fixed rate senior notes outstanding, in both the United States and Europe, with various maturity dates, the most recent of which were issued in 2025. In August 2025, the Company entered into $1,500.0 10-year and $1,000.0 30-year notional treasury lock derivative instruments to hedge interest rate risk prior to the issuance of the November Senior Notes. In November 2025, the Company issued the November Senior Notes. The treasury locks were settled upon the issuance of the 4.625% Senior Notes and the 5.300% Senior Notes, respectively, for a cumulative loss of $88.0 ($67.4 after-tax). The cumulative after-tax loss was recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and is being amortized to Interest expense over the terms of the 4.625% Senior Notes and the 5.300% Senior Notes, respectively. Refer to Note 4 and Note 5 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements herein for further discussion related to these debt instruments.

Any borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at rates that fluctuate with a spread that varies, based on the Company’s debt rating, over certain currency-specific benchmark rates, which benchmark rates in the case of U.S. dollar borrowings are either the base rate or the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). Any borrowings under the Commercial Paper Programs are subject to floating interest rates. Borrowings under each Delayed Draw Term Loan bear interest at rates that fluctuate with a spread over either the base rate or the adjusted term SOFR, which spread varies based on the Company’s debt rating. The Floating Rate Senior Notes bear interest at a floating rate per annum, reset quarterly, equal to compounded SOFR, plus 0.53%. Therefore, when the Company borrows under these debt instruments, the Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility, Commercial Paper Pro grams and Delayed Draw Term Loans. However, the Company borrowed $1,534.1 under each of the Delayed Draw Term Loans in January 2026 to fund a portion of the consideration for the CommScope acquisition. In addition, the Company borrowed under the U.S. Commercial Paper Program during 2025 from time to time, the proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, partially funding the Andrew acquisition in January 2025, as discussed further in Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Although all such borrowings were repaid before the end of 2025, the Company may make additional borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Commercial Paper Programs from time to time in the future. As of December 31, 2025 , 3% of the Company’s outstanding borrowings were subject to floating interest rates . Outstanding borrowings subject to floating interest rates will be higher going forward as a result of the borrowings under the Delayed Draw Term Loans that occurred subsequent to December 31, 2025, as discussed above.

To the extent that interest rates change and the Company has outstanding borrowings under any of our floating rate debt instruments (Commercial Paper Programs, Revolving Credit Facility and Delayed Draw Term Loans), our interest expense and interest payments will be impacted accordingly. A 10% change in the interest rate at December 31, 2025 and 2024 under our Revolving Credit Facility, Commercial Paper Programs, Delayed Draw Term Loans or Floating Rate Senior Notes would not have a material effect on interest expense. Although the Company does not expect changes in interest rates to have a material effect on net income or cash flows in 2026, there can be no assurance that interest rates will not change significantly from current levels.
