ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Investment and Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

We are exposed to interest rate risks primarily related to our investment portfolio and the outstanding debt, as changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the fair value of investments and the cost of future financing activities.

The primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principal, provide liquidity and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities we invest in are subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. To minimize this risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, investments and marketable equity securities in a variety of securities, including commercial paper, corporate debt securities, U.S. government and agency securities, certificates of deposit and term deposits, money market funds and marketable equity securities. The risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is limited to our investment portfolio. A 10% decrease in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of $16.2 million, $15.5 million and $12.0 million in our interest income for 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Our sales contracts are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars and therefore substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency translation risk. However, a substantial portion of our operating expenses incurred outside the United States are denominated in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro (“EUR”), the Canadian dollar (“CAD”), the British pound (“GBP”) and the Japanese yen (“JPY”). To help protect against significant fluctuations in value and the volatility of future cash flows caused by changes in currency exchange rates, we engage in foreign currency risk management activities to minimize the impact of balance sheet items denominated in CAD. We do not use these contracts for speculative or trading purposes. All of the derivative instruments are with high quality financial institutions and we monitor the credit worthiness of these parties. These contracts typically have a maturity of one month and settle on the last day of each month. We record changes in the fair value of forward exchange contracts related to balance sheet accounts in other income (expense)—net in the consolidated statements of income. We recognized an expense of $4.9 million in 2025 due to foreign currency transaction losses.

Our use of forward exchange contracts is intended to reduce, but not eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements. Our forward exchange contracts are relatively short-term in nature and are focused on the CAD. Long-term material changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies, such as the EUR, GBP and JPY, could adversely impact our operating expenses in the future. We assessed the risk of loss in fair values from the impact of hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For foreign currency exchange rate risk, a 10% increase or decrease of foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar with all other variables held constant would have resulted in a $17.2 million change in the value of our foreign currency cash balances as of December 31, 2025.

Inflation Risk

Our monetary assets, consisting primarily of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, are not affected significantly by inflation because they are predominantly short-term. We believe the impact of inflation on replacement costs of equipment, furniture and leasehold improvements will not materially affect our operations. The rate of inflation, however, affects our cost of revenue and expenses, such as those for employee compensation, which may not be readily recoverable in the price of products and services offered by us.
