ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Common Stock

Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “FTNT.”

Holders of Record

As of February 20, 2026, there were 51 holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are “street name” or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Stock Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference into any filing of Fortinet under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total return for our common stock, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Stock Index (the “S&P 500 Index”) and the NASDAQ Computer Index. Such returns are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance. Data for the S&P 500 Index and the NASDAQ Computer Index assume reinvestment of dividends.

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*

Among Fortinet, Inc., the S&P 500 Index and

the NASDAQ Computer Index

Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

Share Repurchase Program

In January 2016, our board of directors approved our Share Repurchase Program, which authorized the repurchase of up to $200.0 million of our outstanding common stock through December 31, 2017. From 2016 through 2024, our board of directors approved increases to our Repurchase Program by various amounts and extended the term to February 28, 2026. In August 2025, our board of directors approved a $1.0 billion increase in the authorized stock repurchase amount under the Repurchase Program and extended the term of the Repurchase Program to February 28, 2027, bringing the aggregate amount authorized for repurchases to $9.25 billion of our outstanding common stock through February 28, 2027. Under the Repurchase Program, we may repurchase common stock from time to time in privately negotiated transactions or in open market transactions. The Repurchase Program does not require us to purchase a minimum number of shares, and may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Since its inception through December 31, 2025, we have repurchased 267.3 million shares of our common stock under the Repurchase Program for an aggregate purchase price of $8.51 billion.

The following table provides information with respect to the shares of common stock we repurchased under the Repurchase Program during the three months ended December 31, 2025 (in millions, except average price paid per share amounts):

In January 2026, our board of directors approved a $1.0 billion increase in the authorized stock repurchase amount under the Repurchase Program, bringing the aggregate amount authorized to be repurchased to $10.25 billion of our outstanding common stock through February 28, 2027. As of February 24, 2026, approximately $1.27 billion remained available for future share repurchases.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]
