Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

See Market Risk Management on page 75 in the MD&A and the sections referenced therein for Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.

The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Corporation’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on that assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.

The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers , LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025.

Brian T. Moynihan

Chair and Chief Executive Officer

Alastair M. Borthwick

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bank of America Corporation

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Corporation’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements and on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal

control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses - Commercial and Consumer Card Loans

As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowance for loan and lease losses represents management’s estimate of current expected credit losses (CECL) in the Corporation’s loan and lease portfolio, excluding loans and unfunded lending commitments accounted for under the fair value option. As of December 31, 2025, the allowance for loan and lease losses was $13.2 billion on total loans and leases of $1,182.2 billion, which excludes loans accounted for under the fair value option. For commercial and consumer card loans, CECL is typically estimated using quantitative methods

that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product growth rates and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are chosen and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal as well as third-party economists and industry trends. Also included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. Factors that the Corporation considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans and nonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses for the commercial and consumer card portfolios is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimation by management in developing lifetime economic forecast scenarios and related weightings to each scenario, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidence obtained, and (ii) the audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the allowance for loan and lease losses, including controls over the evaluation and approval of models, forecast scenarios and related weightings, and qualitative reserves. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses, including (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the loss forecast models and methodology, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of certain macroeconomic variables, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s development, selection and weighting of lifetime economic forecast scenarios used in the loss forecast models, (iv) testing the completeness and accuracy of data used in the estimate, and (v) evaluating the reasonableness of certain qualitative reserves made to the model output results to determine the overall allowance for loan and lease losses. The procedures also included the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of certain loss forecast models, the reasonableness of economic forecast scenarios and related weightings and the reasonableness of certain qualitative reserves.

Charlotte, North Carolina

February 25, 2026

We have served as the Corporation’s auditor since 1958.

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTE 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Principles

Bank of America Corporation, a bank holding company and a financial holding company, provides a diverse range of financial services and products throughout the U.S. and in certain international markets. The term “the Corporation” as used herein may refer to Bank of America Corporation, individually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates.

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries and those variable interest entities (VIEs) where the Corporation is the primary beneficiary. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Results of operations of acquired companies are included from the dates of acquisition, and for VIEs, from the dates that the Corporation became the primary beneficiary. Assets held in an agency or fiduciary capacity are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions.

Change in Accounting Policy

Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation has elected to change its accounting methods related to its affordable housing, eligible wind renewable energy and solar renewable energy equity investments. The Corporation determined that the new accounting methods are preferable as they better align the financial statement presentation with the economic impact of the tax-related equity investments.

For its affordable housing and eligible wind renewable energy equity investments, the Corporation changed its accounting from the equity method of accounting to the proportional amortization method. For its solar renewable energy equity investments, the Corporation changed its accounting for the investment tax credits (ITCs) to the deferral method, where previously the ITCs and applicable equity investment costs were recognized when the underlying facilities were placed in service. The new accounting methods are described more fully herein within the Equity Securities section of the Significant Accounting Principles.

The accounting changes were applied retrospectively to the earliest period presented, resulting in a cumulative adjustment that decreased retained earnings by $ 1.2 billion as of January 1, 2023. In addition, the accounting changes had an insignificant impact on net income on an annualized basis .

Significant Accounting Principles

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash items in the process of collection, cash segregated under federal and other brokerage regulations, and amounts due from correspondent banks, the Federal Reserve Bank and certain non-U.S. central banks. Certain cash balances are restricted as to withdrawal or usage by legally binding contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.

Securities Financing Agreements Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (securities financing agreements) are treated as collateralized financing transactions except in instances where the transaction is required to be accounted for as individual sale and purchase transactions. Generally, these agreements are recorded at acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest. In instances where the interest is negative, the Corporation’s policy is to present negative interest on financial assets as interest income and negative interest on financial liabilities as interest expense. For securities financing agreements that are accounted for under the fair value option, the changes in the fair value of these securities financing agreements are recorded in market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Corporation’s policy is to monitor the market value of the principal amount loaned under resale agreements and obtain collateral from or return collateral pledged to counterparties when appropriate. Securities financing agreements do not create material credit risk due to these collateral provisions; therefore, any allowance for loan losses is insignificant. In transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged or sold as collateral, it recognizes an asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return those securities. Trading Instruments Financial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at fair value. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices for the same or similar assets and liabilities. If these market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on dealer quotes, pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques where the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Realized gains and losses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in market making and similar activities. Derivatives and Hedging Activities Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in risk management activities include derivatives that are both designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships and derivatives used to hedge market risks in relationships that are not designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships (referred to as other risk management activities). The Corporation manages interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate sensitivity predominantly through the use of derivatives. Derivatives utilized by the Corporation include swaps, futures and forward settlement contracts, and option contracts. All derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Corporation to settle positive and negative positions and offset cash collateral held with the same counterparty on a net basis. For exchange-traded contracts, fair value is based on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets or is derived from observable market-based pricing parameters, similar to those applied to over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. For non-exchange traded contracts, fair value is based on dealer quotes, pricing

Securities Financing Agreements

Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (securities financing agreements) are treated as collateralized financing transactions except in instances where the transaction is required to be accounted for as individual sale and purchase transactions. Generally, these agreements are recorded at acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest. In instances where the interest is negative, the Corporation’s policy is to present negative interest on financial assets as interest income and negative interest on financial liabilities as interest expense. For securities financing agreements that are accounted for under the fair value option, the changes in the fair value of these securities financing agreements are recorded in market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

The Corporation’s policy is to monitor the market value of the principal amount loaned under resale agreements and obtain collateral from or return collateral pledged to counterparties when appropriate. Securities financing agreements do not create material credit risk due to these collateral provisions; therefore, any allowance for loan losses is insignificant.

In transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged or sold as collateral, it recognizes an asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return those securities.

Trading Instruments

Financial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at fair value. Fair value is generally based on quoted market prices for the same or similar assets and liabilities. If these market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on dealer quotes, pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques where the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Realized gains and losses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in market making and similar activities.

Derivatives and Hedging Activities

Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in risk management activities include derivatives that are both designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships and derivatives used to hedge market risks in relationships that are not designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships (referred to as other risk management activities). The Corporation manages interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate sensitivity predominantly through the use of derivatives. Derivatives utilized by the Corporation include swaps, futures and forward settlement contracts, and option contracts.

All derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements that allow the Corporation to settle positive and negative positions and offset cash collateral held with the same counterparty on a net basis. For exchange-traded contracts, fair value is based on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets or is derived from observable market-based pricing parameters, similar to those applied to over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. For non-exchange traded contracts, fair value is based on dealer quotes, pricing

models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation.

Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the fair value of the instrument including counterparty credit risk and the Corporation’s own credit standing, as applicable.

Trading Derivatives and Other Risk Management Activities

Derivatives held for trading purposes are included in derivative assets or derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with changes in fair value included in market making and similar activities.

Derivatives used for other risk management activities are included in derivative assets or derivative liabilities. Derivatives used in other risk management activities have not been designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships because they did not qualify or the risk that is being mitigated pertains to an item that is reported at fair value through earnings so that the effect of measuring the derivative instrument and the asset or liability to which the risk exposure pertains will offset in the Consolidated Statement of Income to the extent effective. The changes in the fair value of derivatives that serve to mitigate certain risks associated with mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) and first-lien mortgage loans held-for-sale (LHFS) that are originated by the Corporation are recorded in other income. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that serve to mitigate interest rate risk and foreign currency risk are included in market making and similar activities. Credit derivatives are also used by the Corporation to mitigate the risk associated with various credit exposures. The changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in market making and similar activities and other income.

Derivatives Used For Hedge Accounting Purposes

(Accounting Hedges)

For accounting hedges, the Corporation formally documents at inception all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various accounting hedges. The Corporation primarily uses regression analysis at the inception of a hedge and for each reporting period thereafter to assess whether the derivative used in an accounting hedge transaction is expected to be and has been highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of a hedged item or forecasted transaction. The Corporation discontinues hedge accounting when it is determined that a derivative is not expected to be or has ceased to be highly effective as a hedge. Additionally, the Corporation may choose to discontinue a hedge relationship at any time.

Fair value hedges are used to protect against changes in the fair value of the Corporation’s assets and liabilities that are attributable to interest rate or foreign exchange volatility. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair value hedges are recorded in earnings, together and in the same income statement line item with changes in the fair value of the related hedged item. If a derivative instrument in a fair value hedge is terminated or the hedge designation removed, the previous adjustments to the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability are subsequently accounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying value of that asset or liability. For interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, such adjustments are amortized to earnings over the remaining life of the respective asset or liability.

Cash flow hedges are used primarily to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets and liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by interest rate or foreign exchange rate

fluctuations. The Corporation also uses cash flow hedges to hedge the price risk associated with deferred compensation. Changes in the fair value of derivatives used in cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) and are reclassified into the line item in the income statement in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the hedged item affects earnings. Components of a derivative that are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness are recorded in the same income statement line item as the hedged item. Net investment hedges are used to manage the foreign exchange rate sensitivity arising from a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in the spot prices of derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations are recorded as a component of accumulated OCI. The remaining components of these derivatives are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness and are recorded in market making and similar activities. Debt Securities The Corporation purchases debt securities for trading purposes as well as for use in the Corporation’s asset and liability management (ALM) activities. These debt securities are reported and measured on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on management’s intent to hold the securities as follows: Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value Debt securities carried at fair value consist of debt securities classified as available for sale (AFS) and other debt securities carried at fair value. AFS debt securities are debt securities that are not intended to be held until maturity or for trading purposes and are recognized on their trade date and carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net-of-tax, included in accumulated OCI. Other debt securities carried at fair value are debt securities where the Corporation has elected to carry at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in market making and similar activities. Interest, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in interest income. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted to interest income at a constant effective yield over the contractual lives of the securities. Realized gains and losses from the sales or dispositions of debt securities are determined using the specific identification method. The Corporation evaluates each AFS debt security where the value has declined below amortized cost. If the Corporation intends to sell or believes it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the debt security, it is written down to fair value through other income. The Corporation evaluates AFS debt securities for current expected credit losses (CECL). For debt securities guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies or sovereign entities of high credit quality, the Corporation applies a zero credit loss assumption. For the remaining AFS debt securities, the Corporation considers qualitative parameters such as internal and external credit ratings and the value of underlying collateral. If an AFS debt security fails any of the qualitative parameters, the Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate any credit losses to determine if a portion of the unrealized loss is a result of a CECL. The Corporation will then recognize either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit loss expense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securities valuation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses. If any of the decline in fair value is related to market factors, that amount is recognized in accumulated OCI. In certain instances, the credit loss may

fluctuations. The Corporation also uses cash flow hedges to hedge the price risk associated with deferred compensation. Changes in the fair value of derivatives used in cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI) and are reclassified into the line item in the income statement in which the hedged item is recorded in the same period the hedged item affects earnings. Components of a derivative that are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness are recorded in the same income statement line item as the hedged item.

Net investment hedges are used to manage the foreign exchange rate sensitivity arising from a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in the spot prices of derivatives that are designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations are recorded as a component of accumulated OCI. The remaining components of these derivatives are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness and are recorded in market making and similar activities.

Debt Securities

The Corporation purchases debt securities for trading purposes as well as for use in the Corporation’s asset and liability management (ALM) activities. These debt securities are reported and measured on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based on management’s intent to hold the securities as follows:

Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value

Debt securities carried at fair value consist of debt securities classified as available for sale (AFS) and other debt securities carried at fair value. AFS debt securities are debt securities that are not intended to be held until maturity or for trading purposes and are recognized on their trade date and carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net-of-tax, included in accumulated OCI. Other debt securities carried at fair value are debt securities where the Corporation has elected to carry at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in market making and similar activities. Interest, including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in interest income. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted to interest income at a constant effective yield over the contractual lives of the securities. Realized gains and losses from the sales or dispositions of debt securities are determined using the specific identification method.

The Corporation evaluates each AFS debt security where the value has declined below amortized cost. If the Corporation intends to sell or believes it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the debt security, it is written down to fair value through other income.

The Corporation evaluates AFS debt securities for current expected credit losses (CECL). For debt securities guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies or sovereign entities of high credit quality, the Corporation applies a zero credit loss assumption. For the remaining AFS debt securities, the Corporation considers qualitative parameters such as internal and external credit ratings and the value of underlying collateral. If an AFS debt security fails any of the qualitative parameters, the Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate any credit losses to determine if a portion of the unrealized loss is a result of a CECL. The Corporation will then recognize either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit loss expense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securities valuation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses. If any of the decline in fair value is related to market factors, that amount is recognized in accumulated OCI. In certain instances, the credit loss may

exceed the total decline in fair value, in which case, the allowance recorded is limited to the difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the asset.

Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities

Held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities are debt securities that management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are recognized at their trade date and reported at amortized cost. Interest is recognized in the same manner as debt securities carried at fair value. For certain U.S. Agency mortgage-backed-securities, if more than 85 percent of the principal has been collected on level-payment mortgage-backed debt securities since their acquisition, the HTM debt securities, if disposed, are treated as matured for classification purposes. The Corporation separately evaluates its HTM debt securities for any credit losses, of which substantially all qualify for the zero-loss credit assumption. For the remaining securities, the Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate any credit losses, which are then recognized as either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit loss expense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securities valuation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses.

Equity Securities

The Corporation makes strategic investments through the acquisition of equity securities that are reported and measured on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as follows:

Equity Method Investments

Investments in companies for which the Corporation has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financing decisions are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under this method, the Corporation initially records the investment at cost and subsequently adjusts the carrying amount for its share of the investee’s earnings or losses and OCI, as well as for any dividends received. The Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from these investments is included in other income. The carrying value of the equity method investments is subject to impairment testing. If an equity method investment is impaired, the loss on the investment is recorded in other income.

Investment in Equity Securities

Equity securities that have readily determinable fair values that are not held for trading purposes are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in other income. For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, the investment is recorded at cost and the carrying value is adjusted for impairment, if any, plus or minus changes in value resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar instruments of the same issuer. Adjustments to fair value, dividends and distributions received on these investments are included in other income.

Tax-related Equity investments

The Corporation holds equity investments in unconsolidated limited partnerships and similar entities that construct, own and operate affordable housing and renewable energy projects that generate income tax credits and other income tax benefits. These tax-related equity investments are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

For those that qualify, the Corporation accounts for its investments in affordable housing that generate low-income housing tax credits (LIHTCs) and wind renewable energy entities that generate production tax credits (PTCs) under the

proportional amortization method. Under this method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and subsequently amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received over the life of the investment. Amortization of the investment cost and the recognition of income tax credits are presented net within income tax expense. Investments accounted for using the proportional amortization method are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying value will not be recovered. If an impairment is identified, the carrying amount of the investment is written down to the amount expected to be recovered, with the impairment recognized as a component of income tax expense. The Corporation accounts for its investments in solar renewable energy entities that generate ITCs under the deferral method. Under this method, the income tax credits and applicable equity investment cost are deferred and amortized over the productive life of the underlying facilities. The amortization of the income tax credits and investment expense are presented net within other income. Loans and Leases Loans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair value option, are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and for purchased loans, net of any unamortized premiums or discounts. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income over the lives of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts and premiums are amortized to interest income using a constant effective yield methodology. The Corporation elects to account for certain consumer and commercial loans under the fair value option with interest reported in interest income and changes in fair value reported in market making and similar activities or other income. Under applicable accounting guidance, for reporting purposes, the loan and lease portfolio is categorized by portfolio segment and, within each portfolio segment, by class of financing receivable. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses, and a class of financing receivable is defined as the level of disaggregation of portfolio segments based on the initial measurement attribute, risk characteristics and methods for assessing risk. The Corporation’s three portfolio segments are Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial. The classes within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment are residential mortgage and home equity. The classes within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment are credit card, direct/indirect consumer and other consumer. The classes within the Commercial portfolio segment are U.S. commercial, non-U.S. commercial, commercial real estate, commercial lease financing and U.S. small business commercial. Leases The Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers through a variety of lessor arrangements. Direct financing leases and sales-type leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of the leased property less unearned income, which is accreted to interest income over the lease terms using methods that approximate the interest method. Operating lease income is recognized on a straight-line basis in other income. The

proportional amortization method. Under this method, the investment is initially recorded at cost and subsequently amortized in proportion to the income tax credits and other income tax benefits received over the life of the investment. Amortization of the investment cost and the recognition of income tax credits are presented net within income tax expense. Investments accounted for using the proportional amortization method are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying value will not be recovered. If an impairment is identified, the carrying amount of the investment is written down to the amount expected to be recovered, with the impairment recognized as a component of income tax expense.

The Corporation accounts for its investments in solar renewable energy entities that generate ITCs under the deferral method. Under this method, the income tax credits and applicable equity investment cost are deferred and amortized over the productive life of the underlying facilities. The amortization of the income tax credits and investment expense are presented net within other income.

Loans and Leases

Loans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair value option, are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and for purchased loans, net of any unamortized premiums or discounts. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income over the lives of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts and premiums are amortized to interest income using a constant effective yield methodology. The Corporation elects to account for certain consumer and commercial loans under the fair value option with interest reported in interest income and changes in fair value reported in market making and similar activities or other income.

Under applicable accounting guidance, for reporting purposes, the loan and lease portfolio is categorized by portfolio segment and, within each portfolio segment, by class of financing receivable. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which an entity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine the allowance for credit losses, and a class of financing receivable is defined as the level of disaggregation of portfolio segments based on the initial measurement attribute, risk characteristics and methods for assessing risk. The Corporation’s three portfolio segments are Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial. The classes within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment are residential mortgage and home equity. The classes within the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment are credit card, direct/indirect consumer and other consumer. The classes within the Commercial portfolio segment are U.S. commercial, non-U.S. commercial, commercial real estate, commercial lease financing and U.S. small business commercial.

Leases

The Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers through a variety of lessor arrangements. Direct financing leases and sales-type leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of the leased property less unearned income, which is accreted to interest income over the lease terms using methods that approximate the interest method. Operating lease income is recognized on a straight-line basis in other income. The

Corporation's lease arrangements generally do not contain non-lease components. Allowance for Credit Losses CECL on funded consumer and commercial loans and leases is referred to as the allowance for loan and lease losses and is reported separately as a contra-asset to loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. CECL for unfunded lending commitments, including home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and binding unfunded loan commitments is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The provision for credit losses related to the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income at the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to the current estimate of CECL. For loans and leases, CECL is typically estimated using quantitative methods that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. The life of the loan for closed-ended products is based on the contractual maturity of the loan adjusted for any expected prepayments. The contractual maturity includes any extension options that are at the sole discretion of the borrower. For open- ended products (e.g., lines of credit), CECL is determined based on the maximum repayment term associated with future draws from credit lines unless those lines of credit are unconditionally cancellable (e.g., credit cards) in which case the Corporation does not record any allowance. In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward-looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product growth rates and corporate bond spreads. As any one economic outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation leverages multiple scenarios. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends. The estimate of credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously charged off (i.e., negative allowance). If a loan has been charged off, the expected cash flows on the loan are not limited by the current amortized cost balance. Instead, expected cash flows can be assumed up to the unpaid principal balance immediately prior to the charge-off. Included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions described above. For example, factors that the Corporation considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans and nonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data. With the exception of the Corporation's credit card portfolio, the Corporation does not include reserves for interest receivable in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses as the

Corporation's lease arrangements generally do not contain non-lease components.

Allowance for Credit Losses

CECL on funded consumer and commercial loans and leases is referred to as the allowance for loan and lease losses and is reported separately as a contra-asset to loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. CECL for unfunded lending commitments, including home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and binding unfunded loan commitments is reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The provision for credit losses related to the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments is reported in the Consolidated Statement of Income at the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to the current estimate of CECL.

For loans and leases, CECL is typically estimated using quantitative methods that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. The life of the loan for closed-ended products is based on the contractual maturity of the loan adjusted for any expected prepayments. The contractual maturity includes any extension options that are at the sole discretion of the borrower. For open- ended products (e.g., lines of credit), CECL is determined based on the maximum repayment term associated with future draws from credit lines unless those lines of credit are unconditionally cancellable (e.g., credit cards) in which case the Corporation does not record any allowance.

In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward-looking information through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product growth rates and corporate bond spreads. As any one economic outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation leverages multiple scenarios. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends.

The estimate of credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previously charged off (i.e., negative allowance). If a loan has been charged off, the expected cash flows on the loan are not limited by the current amortized cost balance. Instead, expected cash flows can be assumed up to the unpaid principal balance immediately prior to the charge-off.

Included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions described above. For example, factors that the Corporation considers include changes in lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and size of the portfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans and nonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal and regulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers the inherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data.

With the exception of the Corporation's credit card portfolio, the Corporation does not include reserves for interest receivable in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses as the

Corporation generally classifies consumer loans as nonperforming at 90 days past due and reverses interest income for these loans at that time. For credit card loans, the Corporation reserves for interest and fees as part of the allowance for loan and lease losses. Upon charge-off of a credit card loan, the Corporation reverses the interest and fee income against the income statement line item where it was originally recorded.

The Corporation has identified the following three portfolio segments and measures the allowance for credit losses using the following methods.

Consumer Real Estate

To estimate CECL for consumer loans secured by residential real estate, the Corporation estimates the number of loans that will default over the life of the existing portfolio, after factoring in estimated prepayments, using quantitative modeling methodologies. The attributes that are most significant in estimating the Corporation’s CECL include refreshed loan-to-value (LTV) or, in the case of a subordinated lien, refreshed combined LTV (CLTV), borrower credit score, months since origination and geography, all of which are further broken down by present collection status (whether the loan is current, delinquent, in default, or in bankruptcy). The estimates are based on the Corporation’s historical experience with the loan portfolio, adjusted to reflect the economic outlook. The outlook on the unemployment rate and consumer real estate prices are key factors that impact the frequency and severity of loss estimates. The Corporation does not reserve for credit losses on the unpaid principal balance of loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and long-term standby loans, as these loans are fully insured. The Corporation records a reserve for unfunded lending commitments for CECL associated with the undrawn portion of the Corporation’s HELOCs, which can only be canceled by the Corporation if certain criteria are met. CECL associated with these unfunded lending commitments is calculated using the same models and methodologies noted above and incorporate utilization assumptions at time of default.

For loans that are more than 180 days past due, the Corporation bases the allowance on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral as of the reporting date less costs to sell. The fair value of the collateral securing these loans is generally determined using an automated valuation model (AVM) that estimates the value of a property by reference to market data including sales of comparable properties and price trends specific to the Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the property being valued is located. In the event that an AVM value is not available, the Corporation utilizes publicized indices or if these methods provide less reliable valuations, the Corporation uses appraisals or broker price opinions to estimate the fair value of the collateral. While there is inherent imprecision in these valuations, the Corporation believes that they are representative of this portfolio in the aggregate.

For loans that are more than 180 days past due, with the exception of the Corporation’s fully insured portfolio, the outstanding balance of loans that is in excess of the estimated property value after adjusting for costs to sell is charged off. If the estimated property value decreases in periods subsequent to the initial charge-off, the Corporation will record an additional charge-off; however, if the value increases in periods subsequent to the charge-off, the Corporation will adjust the allowance to account for the increase but not to a level above the cumulative charge-off amount.

Credit Cards and Other Consumer

Credit cards are revolving lines of credit without a defined maturity date. The estimated life of a credit card receivable is determined by estimating the amount and timing of expected future payments (e.g., borrowers making full payments, minimum payments or somewhere in between) that it will take for a receivable balance to pay off. CECL on the future payments incorporates the spending behavior of a borrower through time using key borrower-specific factors and the economic outlook described above. The Corporation applies all expected payments in accordance with the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (i.e., paying down the highest interest rate bucket first). Then forecasted future payments are prioritized to pay off the oldest balance until it is brought to zero or an expected charge-off amount. Unemployment rate outlook, borrower credit score, delinquency status and historical payment behavior are all key inputs into the credit card receivable loss forecasting model. Future draws on the credit card lines are excluded from CECL as they are unconditionally cancellable.

CECL for the consumer vehicle lending portfolio is also determined using quantitative methods supplemented with qualitative analysis. The quantitative model estimates CECL giving consideration to key borrower and loan characteristics such as delinquency status, borrower credit score, LTV ratio, underlying collateral type and collateral value.

Commercial

CECL on commercial loans is forecasted using models that estimate credit losses over the loan’s contractual life at an individual loan level. The models use the contractual terms to forecast future principal cash flows while also considering expected prepayments. For open-ended commitments such as revolving lines of credit, changes in funded balance are captured by forecasting a borrower’s draw and payment behavior over the remaining life of the commitment. For loans collateralized with commercial real estate and for which the underlying asset is the primary source of repayment, the loss forecasting models consider key loan and customer attributes such as LTV ratio, net operating income and debt service coverage, and captures variations in behavior according to property type and region. The outlook on the unemployment rate, gross domestic product, and forecasted real estate prices are utilized to determine indicators such as rent levels and vacancy rates, which impact the CECL estimate. For all other commercial loans and leases, the loss forecasting model determines the probabilities of transition to different credit risk ratings or default at each point over the life of the asset based on the borrower’s current credit risk rating, industry sector, size of the exposure and the geographic market. The severity of loss is determined based on the type of collateral securing the exposure, the size of the exposure, the borrower’s industry sector, any guarantors and the geographic market. Assumptions of expected loss are conditioned to the economic outlook, and the model considers key economic variables such as unemployment rate, gross domestic product, corporate bond spreads, real estate and other asset prices and equity market returns.

In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Corporation also estimates CECL related to unfunded lending commitments such as letters of credit, financial guarantees, unfunded bankers acceptances and binding loan commitments, excluding commitments accounted for under the fair value option. Reserves are estimated for the unfunded exposure using the same models and methodologies as the funded exposure and are reported as reserves for unfunded lending commitments.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases, Charge-offs and

Delinquencies

Nonperforming loans and leases generally include loans and leases that have been placed on nonaccrual status. Loans accounted for under the fair value option and LHFS are not reported as nonperforming. When a nonaccrual loan is deemed uncollectible, it is charged off against the allowance for credit losses. If the charged-off amount is later recovered, the amount is reversed through the allowance for credit losses at the recovery date. Charge-offs are reported net of recoveries (net charge-offs). If recoveries for the period are greater than charge- offs, net charge-offs are reported as a negative amount.

In accordance with the Corporation’s policies, consumer real estate-secured loans, including residential mortgages and home equity loans, are generally placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming at 90 days past due unless repayment of the loan is insured by the FHA or through individually insured long-term standby agreements with Fannie Mae (FNMA) or Freddie Mac (FHLMC) (the fully-insured portfolio). Residential mortgage loans in the fully-insured portfolio are not placed on nonaccrual status and, therefore, are not reported as nonperforming. Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming when the underlying first-lien mortgage loan becomes 90 days past due even if the junior-lien loan is current. The outstanding balance of real estate-secured loans that is in excess of the estimated property value less costs to sell is charged off no later than the end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 days past due unless the loan is fully insured, or for loans in bankruptcy, within 60 days of receipt of notification of filing, with the remaining balance classified as nonperforming.

Credit card loans are charged off when the loan becomes 180 days past due, within 60 days after receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy or upon confirmation of fraud. These loans continue to accrue interest until they are charged off and, therefore, are not reported as nonperforming loans. Consumer vehicle loans are placed on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due, within 60 days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy or death or upon confirmation of fraud, unless the borrower’s performance indicates that repayment is likely to occur. These loans are charged off to the estimated fair value of the collateral less expected disposal costs when the loans become 120 days past due, upon repossession of the collateral, within 60 days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy or death or upon confirmation of fraud, and when the borrower’s ability to pay cannot be validated. If repossession of the collateral is not expected or the loan is unsecured, the loans are fully charged off. Other consumer loans, substantially all of which are consumer overdrafts, are charged off when the loan becomes 60 days past due, and therefore are not reported as nonperforming loans.

Commercial loans and leases, excluding business card loans, that are past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest, or where reasonable doubt exists as to timely collection, including loans that are individually identified as being impaired, are generally placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming unless well-secured and in the process of collection.

Business card loans are charged off in the same manner as consumer credit card loans. Other commercial loans and leases are generally charged off when all or a portion of the principal amount is determined to be uncollectible.

The entire balance of a consumer loan or commercial loan or lease is contractually delinquent if the minimum payment is not received by the specified due date on the customer’s billing

statement. Interest and fees continue to accrue on past due loans and leases until the date the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, if applicable. Accrued interest receivable is reversed when loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual status. Interest collections on nonaccruing loans and leases for which the ultimate collectability of principal is uncertain are applied as principal reductions; otherwise, such collections are credited to income when received. Loans and leases may be restored to accrual status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected. Loans Held-for-sale Loans that the Corporation intends to sell in the foreseeable future, including residential mortgages, loan syndications, and to a lesser degree, commercial real estate, consumer finance and other loans, are reported as LHFS and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value. The Corporation accounts for certain LHFS, including residential mortgage LHFS, under the fair value option. Loan origination costs for LHFS carried at the lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as part of the carrying value of the loans and, upon the sale of a loan, are recognized as part of the gain or loss in other income. LHFS that are on nonaccrual status and are reported as nonperforming, as defined in the policy herein, are reported separately from nonperforming loans and leases. Premises and Equipment Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to 40 years for buildings, up to 12 years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements. Other Assets For the Corporation’s financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and are not included in debt securities or loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation evaluates these assets for CECL using various techniques. For assets that are subject to collateral maintenance provisions, including federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, where the collateral consists of daily margining of liquid and marketable assets where the margining is expected to be maintained into the foreseeable future, the expected losses are assumed to be zero . For all other assets, the Corporation performs qualitative analyses, including consideration of historical losses and current economic conditions, to estimate any CECL which are then included in a valuation account that is recorded as a contra-asset against the amortized cost basis of the financial asset. Lessee Arrangements Substantially all of the Corporation’s lessee arrangements are operating leases. Under these arrangements, the Corporation records right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at lease commencement. Right-of-use assets are reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related lease liabilities are reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities . All leases are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet except leases with an initial term less than 12 months for which the Corporation made the short-term lease election. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the

statement. Interest and fees continue to accrue on past due loans and leases until the date the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, if applicable. Accrued interest receivable is reversed when loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual status. Interest collections on nonaccruing loans and leases for which the ultimate collectability of principal is uncertain are applied as principal reductions; otherwise, such collections are credited to income when received. Loans and leases may be restored to accrual status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected.

Loans Held-for-sale

Loans that the Corporation intends to sell in the foreseeable future, including residential mortgages, loan syndications, and to a lesser degree, commercial real estate, consumer finance and other loans, are reported as LHFS and are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or fair value. The Corporation accounts for certain LHFS, including residential mortgage LHFS, under the fair value option. Loan origination costs for LHFS carried at the lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as part of the carrying value of the loans and, upon the sale of a loan, are recognized as part of the gain or loss in other income. LHFS that are on nonaccrual status and are reported as nonperforming, as defined in the policy herein, are reported separately from nonperforming loans and leases.

Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to 40 years for buildings, up to 12 years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter of lease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements.

Other Assets

For the Corporation’s financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and are not included in debt securities or loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation evaluates these assets for CECL using various techniques. For assets that are subject to collateral maintenance provisions, including federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, where the collateral consists of daily margining of liquid and marketable assets where the margining is expected to be maintained into the foreseeable future, the expected losses are assumed to be zero . For all other assets, the Corporation performs qualitative analyses, including consideration of historical losses and current economic conditions, to estimate any CECL which are then included in a valuation account that is recorded as a contra-asset against the amortized cost basis of the financial asset.

Lessee Arrangements

Substantially all of the Corporation’s lessee arrangements are operating leases. Under these arrangements, the Corporation records right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at lease commencement. Right-of-use assets are reported in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related lease liabilities are reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities . All leases are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet except leases with an initial term less than 12 months for which the Corporation made the short-term lease election. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the

lease term and is recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Corporation made an accounting policy election not to separate lease and non-lease components of a contract that is or contains a lease for its real estate and equipment leases. As such, lease payments represent payments on both lease and non-lease components. At lease commencement, lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments and discounted using the Corporation’s incremental borrowing rate. Right-of-use assets initially equal the lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and for any lease incentives. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill is the purchase premium after adjusting for the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis, or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is a business segment or one level below a business segment. The Corporation assesses the fair value of each reporting unit against its carrying value, including goodwill, as measured by allocated equity. For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, the Corporation utilizes allocated equity as a proxy for the carrying value of its reporting units. Allocated equity in the reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting unit. In performing its goodwill impairment testing, the Corporation first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors include, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, financial performance of the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity- and reporting-unit specific considerations. If the Corporation concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative assessment is performed. The Corporation has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Corporation may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. When performing the quantitative assessment, if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit would not be considered impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’s allocated equity exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss recognized cannot exceed the amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. An impairment loss establishes a new basis in the goodwill, and subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment losses are not permitted under applicable accounting guidance. For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying value of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying value of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not subject to amortization and are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value.

lease term and is recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

The Corporation made an accounting policy election not to separate lease and non-lease components of a contract that is or contains a lease for its real estate and equipment leases. As such, lease payments represent payments on both lease and non-lease components. At lease commencement, lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments and discounted using the Corporation’s incremental borrowing rate. Right-of-use assets initially equal the lease liability, adjusted for any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and for any lease incentives.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill is the purchase premium after adjusting for the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for potential impairment on an annual basis, or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is a business segment or one level below a business segment.

The Corporation assesses the fair value of each reporting unit against its carrying value, including goodwill, as measured by allocated equity. For purposes of goodwill impairment testing, the Corporation utilizes allocated equity as a proxy for the carrying value of its reporting units. Allocated equity in the reporting units is comprised of allocated capital plus capital for the portion of goodwill and intangibles specifically assigned to the reporting unit.

In performing its goodwill impairment testing, the Corporation first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors include, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, financial performance of the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity- and reporting-unit specific considerations.

If the Corporation concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative assessment is performed. The Corporation has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The Corporation may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period.

When performing the quantitative assessment, if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit would not be considered impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’s allocated equity exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss recognized cannot exceed the amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. An impairment loss establishes a new basis in the goodwill, and subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment losses are not permitted under applicable accounting guidance.

For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying value of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying value of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not subject to amortization and are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value.

Variable Interest Entities

A VIE is an entity that lacks equity investors or whose equity investors do not have a controlling financial interest in the entity through their equity investments. The Corporation consolidates a VIE if it has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. On a quarterly basis, the Corporation reassesses its involvement with the VIE and evaluates the impact of changes in governing documents and its financial interests in the VIE. The consolidation status of the VIEs with which the Corporation is involved may change as a result of such reassessments.

The Corporation primarily uses VIEs for its securitization activities, in which the Corporation transfers whole loans or debt securities into a trust or other vehicle. When the Corporation is the servicer of whole loans held in a securitization trust, including non-agency residential mortgages, home equity loans, credit cards, and other loans, the Corporation has the power to direct the most significant activities of the trust. The Corporation generally does not have the power to direct the most significant activities of a residential mortgage agency trust except in certain circumstances in which the Corporation holds substantially all of the issued securities and has the unilateral right to liquidate the trust. The power to direct the most significant activities of a commercial mortgage securitization trust is typically held by the special servicer or by the party holding specific subordinate securities which embody certain controlling rights. The Corporation consolidates a whole-loan securitization trust if it has the power to direct the most significant activities and also holds securities issued by the trust or has other contractual arrangements, other than standard representations and warranties, that could potentially be significant to the trust.

The Corporation may also transfer trading account securities and AFS securities into municipal bond or resecuritization trusts. The Corporation consolidates a municipal bond or resecuritization trust if it has control over the ongoing activities of the trust such as the remarketing of the trust’s liabilities or, if there are no ongoing activities, sole discretion over the design of the trust, including the identification of securities to be transferred in and the structure of securities to be issued, and also retains securities or has liquidity or other commitments that could potentially be significant to the trust. The Corporation does not consolidate a municipal bond or resecuritization trust if one or a limited number of third-party investors share responsibility for the design of the trust or have control over the significant activities of the trust through liquidation or other substantive rights.

Other VIEs used by the Corporation include collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), investment vehicles created on behalf of customers and other investment vehicles. The Corporation does not routinely serve as collateral manager for CDOs or CLOs and, therefore, does not typically have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of a CDO or CLO. However, for CDOs, following an event of default, if the Corporation is a majority holder of senior securities issued by a CDO and acquires the power to manage its assets, the Corporation consolidates the CDO.

The Corporation consolidates a customer or other investment vehicle if it has control over the initial design of the vehicle or manages the assets in the vehicle and also absorbs potentially significant gains or losses through an investment in the vehicle, derivative contracts or other arrangements. The Corporation does not consolidate an investment vehicle if a

single investor controlled the initial design of the vehicle or manages the assets in the vehicles or if the Corporation does not have a variable interest that could potentially be significant to the vehicle. Retained interests in securitized assets are initially recorded at fair value. In addition, the Corporation may invest in debt securities issued by unconsolidated VIEs. Fair values of these debt securities, which are classified as trading account assets, debt securities carried at fair value or HTM securities, are based primarily on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets. Generally, quoted market prices for retained residual interests are not available; therefore, the Corporation estimates fair values based on the present value of the associated expected future cash flows. Fair Value The Corporation measures the fair values of its assets and liabilities, where applicable, in accordance with accounting guidance that requires an entity to base fair value on exit price. Under this guidance, an entity is required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. Under applicable accounting standards, fair value measurements are categorized into one of three levels based on the inputs to the valuation technique with the highest priority given to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority given to unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its fair value measurements of financial instruments based on this three-level hierarchy. Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as certain U.S. Treasury securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in OTC markets. Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts where fair value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally includes U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed (MBS) and asset-backed securities (ABS), corporate debt securities, derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS. Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the overall fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. This category generally includes retained residual interests in securitizations, consumer MSRs, certain ABS, highly structured,

single investor controlled the initial design of the vehicle or manages the assets in the vehicles or if the Corporation does not have a variable interest that could potentially be significant to the vehicle.

Retained interests in securitized assets are initially recorded at fair value. In addition, the Corporation may invest in debt securities issued by unconsolidated VIEs. Fair values of these debt securities, which are classified as trading account assets, debt securities carried at fair value or HTM securities, are based primarily on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets. Generally, quoted market prices for retained residual interests are not available; therefore, the Corporation estimates fair values based on the present value of the associated expected future cash flows.

Fair Value

The Corporation measures the fair values of its assets and liabilities, where applicable, in accordance with accounting guidance that requires an entity to base fair value on exit price. Under this guidance, an entity is required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value. Under applicable accounting standards, fair value measurements are categorized into one of three levels based on the inputs to the valuation technique with the highest priority given to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority given to unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its fair value measurements of financial instruments based on this three-level hierarchy.

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as certain U.S. Treasury securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in OTC markets.

Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contracts where fair value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally includes U.S. government and agency mortgage-backed (MBS) and asset-backed securities (ABS), corporate debt securities, derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS.

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the overall fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. This category generally includes retained residual interests in securitizations, consumer MSRs, certain ABS, highly structured,

complex or long-dated derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS, IRLCs and certain CDOs where independent pricing information cannot be obtained for a significant portion of the underlying assets. Income Taxes There are two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. These gross deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts management concludes are more likely than not to be realized. Income tax benefits are recognized and measured based upon a two-step model: first, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order to be recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon settlement. The difference between the benefit recognized and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Corporation records income tax-related interest and penalties, if applicable, within income tax expense. Revenue Recognition The following summarizes the Corporation’s revenue recognition accounting policies for certain noninterest income activities. Card Income Card income includes annual, late and over-limit fees as well as interchange, cash advances and other miscellaneous items from credit and debit card transactions and from processing card transactions for merchants. Card income is presented net of direct costs. Interchange fees are recognized upon settlement of the credit and debit card payment transactions and are generally determined on a percentage basis for credit cards and fixed rates for debit cards based on the corresponding payment network’s rates. Substantially all card fees are recognized at the transaction date, except for certain time-based fees such as annual fees, which are recognized over 12 months. Fees charged to cardholders and merchants that are estimated to be uncollectible are reserved in the allowance

complex or long-dated derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS, IRLCs and certain CDOs where independent pricing information cannot be obtained for a significant portion of the underlying assets.

Income Taxes

There are two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. These gross deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets and liabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial statements. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts management concludes are more likely than not to be realized.

Income tax benefits are recognized and measured based upon a two-step model: first, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits in order to be recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as the largest dollar amount of that position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon settlement. The difference between the benefit recognized and the tax benefit claimed on a tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Corporation records income tax-related interest and penalties, if applicable, within income tax expense.

Revenue Recognition

The following summarizes the Corporation’s revenue recognition accounting policies for certain noninterest income activities.

Card Income

Card income includes annual, late and over-limit fees as well as interchange, cash advances and other miscellaneous items from credit and debit card transactions and from processing card transactions for merchants. Card income is presented net of direct costs. Interchange fees are recognized upon settlement of the credit and debit card payment transactions and are generally determined on a percentage basis for credit cards and fixed rates for debit cards based on the corresponding payment network’s rates. Substantially all card fees are recognized at the transaction date, except for certain time-based fees such as annual fees, which are recognized over 12 months. Fees charged to cardholders and merchants that are estimated to be uncollectible are reserved in the allowance

for loan and lease losses. Included in direct cost are rewards and credit card partner payments. Rewards paid to cardholders are related to points earned by the cardholder that can be redeemed for a broad range of rewards including cash, travel and gift cards. The points to be redeemed are estimated based on past redemption behavior, card product type, account transaction activity and other historical card performance. The liability is reduced as the points are redeemed. The Corporation also makes payments to credit card partners. The payments are based on revenue-sharing agreements that are generally driven by cardholder transactions and partner sales volumes. As part of the revenue-sharing agreements, the credit card partner provides the Corporation exclusive rights to market to the credit card partner’s members or customers on behalf of the Corporation.

Service Charges

Service charges include deposit and lending-related fees. Deposit-related fees consist of fees earned on consumer and commercial deposit activities and are generally recognized when the transactions occur or as the service is performed. Consumer fees are earned on consumer deposit accounts for account maintenance and various transaction-based services, such as ATM transactions, wire transfer activities, check and money order processing and insufficient funds/overdraft transactions. Commercial deposit-related fees are from the Corporation’s Global Transaction Services business and consist of commercial deposit and treasury management services, including account maintenance and other services, such as payroll, sweep account and other cash management services. Lending-related fees generally represent transactional fees earned from certain loan commitments, financial guarantees and SBLCs.

Investment and Brokerage Services

Investment and brokerage services consist of asset management and brokerage fees. Asset management fees are earned from the management of client assets under advisory agreements or the full discretion of the Corporation’s financial advisors (collectively referred to as assets under management (AUM)). Asset management fees are earned as a percentage of the client’s AUM and generally range from 50 basis points (bps) to 150 bps of the AUM. In cases where a third party is used to obtain a client’s investment allocation, the fee remitted to the third party is recorded net and is not reflected in the transaction price, as the Corporation is an agent for those services.

Brokerage fees include income earned from transaction-based services that are performed as part of investment management services and are based on a fixed price per unit or as a percentage of the total transaction amount. Brokerage fees

also include distribution fees and sales commissions that are primarily in the Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM) segment and are earned over time. In addition, primarily in the Global Markets segment, brokerage fees are earned when the Corporation fills customer orders to buy or sell various financial products or when it acknowledges, affirms, settles and clears transactions and/or submits trade information to the appropriate clearing broker. Certain customers pay brokerage, clearing and/or exchange fees imposed by relevant regulatory bodies or exchanges in order to execute or clear trades. These fees are recorded net and are not reflected in the transaction price, as the Corporation is an agent for those services.

Investment Banking Income

Investment banking income includes underwriting income and financial advisory services income. Underwriting consists of fees earned for the placement of a customer’s debt or equity securities. The revenue is generally earned based on a percentage of the fixed number of shares or principal placed. Once the number of shares or notes is determined and the service is completed, the underwriting fees are recognized. The Corporation incurs certain out-of-pocket expenses, such as legal costs, in performing these services. These expenses are recovered through the revenue the Corporation earns from the customer and are included in operating expenses. Syndication fees represent fees earned as the agent or lead lender responsible for structuring, arranging and administering a loan syndication.

Financial advisory services consist of fees earned for assisting clients with transactions related to mergers and acquisitions and financial restructurings. Revenue varies depending on the size of the transaction and scope of services performed and is generally contingent on successful completion of the transaction. Revenue is typically recognized once the transaction is completed and all services have been rendered. Additionally, the Corporation may earn a fixed fee in merger and acquisition transactions to provide a fairness opinion, with the fees recognized when the opinion is delivered to the client.

Other Revenue Measurement and Recognition Policies The Corporation did not disclose the value of any open performance obligations at December 31, 2025, as its contracts with customers generally have a fixed term that is less than one year, an open term with a cancellation period that is less than one year, or provisions that allow the Corporation to recognize revenue at the amount it has the right to invoice. Earnings Per Common Share Earnings per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income allocated to common shareholders by the weighted-average common shares outstanding, excluding unvested common shares subject to repurchase or cancellation. Net income allocated to common shareholders is net income adjusted for preferred stock dividends including dividends declared, accretion of discounts on preferred stock including accelerated accretion when preferred stock is repaid early, and cumulative dividends related to the current dividend period that have not been declared as of period end, less income allocated to participating securities. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income allocated to common shareholders plus dividends on dilutive convertible preferred stock, by the weighted-average common shares outstanding plus amounts representing the dilutive effect of stock options outstanding, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), outstanding warrants and the dilution resulting from the conversion of convertible preferred stock, if applicable. Foreign Currency Translation Assets, liabilities and operations of foreign branches and subsidiaries are recorded based on the functional currency of each entity. When the functional currency of a foreign operation is the local currency, the assets, liabilities and operations are translated, for consolidation purposes, from the local currency to the U.S. dollar reporting currency at period-end rates for assets and liabilities and generally at average rates for results of operations. The resulting unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated OCI, net-of-tax. When the foreign entity’s functional currency is the U.S. dollar, the resulting remeasurement gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated assets or liabilities are included in earnings.

Other Revenue Measurement and Recognition Policies

The Corporation did not disclose the value of any open performance obligations at December 31, 2025, as its contracts with customers generally have a fixed term that is less than one year, an open term with a cancellation period that is less than one year, or provisions that allow the Corporation to recognize revenue at the amount it has the right to invoice.

Earnings Per Common Share

Earnings per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income allocated to common shareholders by the weighted-average common shares outstanding, excluding unvested common shares subject to repurchase or cancellation. Net income allocated to common shareholders is net income adjusted for preferred stock dividends including dividends declared, accretion of discounts on preferred stock including accelerated accretion when preferred stock is repaid early, and cumulative dividends related to the current dividend period that have not been declared as of period end, less income allocated to participating securities. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing income allocated to common shareholders plus dividends on dilutive convertible preferred stock, by the weighted-average common shares outstanding plus amounts representing the dilutive effect of stock options outstanding, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), outstanding warrants and the dilution resulting from the conversion of convertible preferred stock, if applicable.

Foreign Currency Translation

Assets, liabilities and operations of foreign branches and subsidiaries are recorded based on the functional currency of each entity. When the functional currency of a foreign operation is the local currency, the assets, liabilities and operations are translated, for consolidation purposes, from the local currency to the U.S. dollar reporting currency at period-end rates for assets and liabilities and generally at average rates for results of operations. The resulting unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of accumulated OCI, net-of-tax. When the foreign entity’s functional currency is the U.S. dollar, the resulting remeasurement gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated assets or liabilities are included in earnings.

NOTE 2 Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income

The table below presents the Corporation’s net interest income and noninterest income disaggregated by revenue source for 2025, 2024 and 2023. For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles . For a disaggregation of noninterest income by business segment and All Othe r, see Note 23 – Business Segment Information .

(1) Includes interest income on interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks of $ 10.5 billion, $ 16.8 billion and $ 16.0 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(2) Gross interchange fees and merchant income were $ 13.8 billion, $ 13.6 billion and $ 13.3 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively and are presented net of $ 9.9 billion, $ 9.5 billion and $ 9.3 billion of expenses for rewards and partner payments as well as certain other card costs for the same periods.

NOTE 3 Derivatives

Derivative Balances

Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or to support risk management activities. Derivatives used in risk management activities include derivatives that may or may not be designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships. Derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships are referred to as other risk management derivatives. For more information on the

Corporation’s derivatives and hedging activities, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles . The following tables present derivative instruments included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in derivative assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty and cash collateral netting. Total derivative assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and have been reduced by cash collateral received or paid.

(1) Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.

(2) Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.

(3) Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.

(4) The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $ 1.0 billion and $ 421.3 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2025.

(1) Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.

(2) Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.

(3) Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.

(4) The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $ 406 million and $ 361.2 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2024.

Offsetting of Derivatives

The Corporation enters into International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) master netting agreements or similar agreements with substantially all of the Corporation’s derivative counterparties. Where legally enforceable, these master netting agreements give the Corporation, in the event of default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held as collateral and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. For purposes of the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Corporation offsets derivative assets and liabilities and cash collateral held with the same counterparty where it has such a legally enforceable master netting agreement.

The following table presents derivative instruments included in derivative assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance

Sheet at December 31, 2025 and 2024 by primary risk (e.g., interest rate risk) and the platform, where applicable, on which these derivatives are transacted. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty and cash collateral netting. Total gross derivative assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements, which include reducing the balance for counterparty netting and cash collateral received or paid.

For more information on offsetting of securities financing agreements, see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash .

(1) Over-the-counter derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a particular counterparty. Over-the-counter cleared derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a counterparty where the transaction is cleared through a clearinghouse. Exchange-traded derivatives include listed options transacted on an exchange.

(2) Consists of derivatives entered into under master netting agreements where the enforceability of these agreements is uncertain under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.

(3) Amounts are limited to the derivative asset/liability balance and, accordingly, do not include excess collateral received/pledged. Financial instruments collateral includes securities collateral received or pledged and cash securities held and posted at third-party custodians that are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but shown as a reduction to derive net derivative assets and liabilities.

ALM and Risk Management Derivatives

The Corporation’s ALM and risk management activities include the use of derivatives to mitigate risk to the Corporation, including derivatives designated in qualifying hedge accounting relationships and derivatives used in other risk management activities. Interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, commodity and credit contracts are utilized in the Corporation's ALM and risk management activities.

The Corporation maintains an overall interest rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of interest rate contracts, which are generally non-leveraged generic interest rate and basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity and volatility so that movements in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings or capital. As a result of interest rate fluctuations, hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities appreciate or depreciate in fair value. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are linked to the hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities are expected to substantially offset this unrealized appreciation or depreciation.

Market risk, including interest rate risk, can be substantial in the mortgage business. Market risk in the mortgage business is the risk that values of mortgage assets or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions such as interest rate movements. To mitigate the interest rate risk in mortgage banking production income, the Corporation utilizes forward loan sale commitments and other derivative

instruments, including purchased options, and certain debt securities. The Corporation also utilizes derivatives such as interest rate options, interest rate swaps, forward settlement contracts and eurodollar futures to hedge certain market risks of MSRs.

The Corporation uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as the Corporation’s investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Exposure to loss on these contracts will increase or decrease over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates fluctuate.

The Corporation purchases credit derivatives to manage credit risk related to certain funded and unfunded credit exposures. Credit derivatives include credit default swaps (CDS), total return swaps and swaptions. These derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in other income.

Derivatives Designated as Accounting Hedges

The Corporation uses various types of interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts to protect against changes in the fair value of its assets and liabilities due to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates (fair value hedges). The Corporation also uses these types of contracts to protect against changes in the cash flows of its assets and liabilities, and other forecasted transactions (cash flow hedges). The Corporation hedges its net investment in consolidated non-U.S. operations determined to have functional currencies other than

the U.S. dollar using forward exchange contracts and cross-currency basis swaps, and by issuing foreign currency- denominated debt (net investment hedges).

Fair Value Hedges

The table below summarizes information related to fair value hedges for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) Amounts are recorded in interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(2) Represents cross-currency interest rate swaps related to available-for-sale debt securities and long-term debt. For 2025, 2024 and 2023, the derivative amount includes gains (losses) of $( 3 ) million, $ 22 million and $ 6 million in interest income, $ 0 , $ 0 and $ 13 million in interest expense, $( 10 ) million, $ 463 million and $( 51 ) million in market making and similar activities, and $( 8 ) million, $ 15 million and $ 15 million in accumulated OCI. Line item totals are in the Consolidated Statement of Income and on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

(3) Amounts are recorded in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(4) Amounts are recorded in market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

The table below summarizes the carrying value of hedged assets and liabilities that are designated in fair value hedging relationships, along with the cumulative amount of gains and losses on the hedged assets and liabilities that are included in their carrying value. There is no impact to earnings for the cumulative amount of these fair value hedging adjustments as long as the hedging relationships remain open through the

hedged period. Instead, the open hedges have the effect of synthetically converting the hedged assets and liabilities into variable-rate instruments. If an open hedge is de-designated prior to the derivative’s maturity, any cumulative fair value adjustments at the de-designation date are then amortized or accreted into earnings over the remaining life of the hedged assets or liabilities.

(1) Increase (decrease) to carrying value.

(2) These amounts include the amortized cost of the financial assets in closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is a stated layer that is expected to be remaining at the end of the hedging relationship (i.e. portfolio layer hedging relationship). At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the amortized cost of the closed portfolios used in these hedging relationships was $ 35.8 billion and $ 34.8 billion, of which $ 23.7 billion and $ 26.1 billion were designated in a portfolio layer hedging relationship. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the cumulative adjustment associated with these hedging relationships was a decrease of $ 46 million and $ 435 million.

(3) Carrying value represents amortized cost.

(4) Represents hedging activities related to certain commodities inventory.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair value adjustments from de-designated long-term debt hedges decreased the long-term debt carrying value by $ 12.9 billion and $ 11.2 billion. The fair value adjustments from de-designated AFS debt securities hedges decreased the AFS debt securities carrying value by $ 2.7 billion and $ 4.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The fair value adjustments are being amortized or accreted into interest over the contractual lives of the assets or liabilities.

Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges

The following table summarizes certain information related to cash flow hedges and net investment hedges for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Of the $ 2.0 billion after-tax net loss ($ 2.6 billion pretax) on derivatives in accumulated OCI at December 31, 2025, losses of $ 1.7 billion after-tax ($ 2.2 billion pretax) related to both open and closed cash flow hedges are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. These net losses reclassified into earnings are expected to primarily decrease net interest income related to the respective hedged

items. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecasted transactions are hedged is approximately three years . For terminated cash flow hedges, the time period over which the forecasted transactions will be recognized in interest income is approximately three years , with the aggregated amount beyond this time period being insignificant.

On November 15, 2023, Bloomberg Index Services Limited announced the permanent cessation of the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) and all its tenors effective after final publication on November 15, 2024. The Corporation determined that certain forecasted BSBY-indexed interest payments, which had been designated in cash flow hedges, were no longer expected to occur beyond November 15, 2024 as they would transition to a new reference rate. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter of 2023, the Corporation reclassified $ 2.0 billion of pretax loss from accumulated OCI into market making and similar activities for the amount related to these forecasted transactions.

(1) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in interest income and market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(2) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in compensation and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(3) Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing and recognized in market making and similar activities were gains of $ 184 million, $ 252 million and $ 195 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Other Risk Management Derivatives

Other risk management derivatives are used by the Corporation to reduce certain risk exposures by economically hedging various assets and liabilities. The table below presents gains (losses) on these derivatives for 2025, 2024 and 2023. These gains (losses) are largely offset by the income or expense recorded on the hedged item.

(1) Includes hedges of interest rate risk on MSRs and IRLCs to originate mortgage loans that will be held for sale.

(2) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in other income.

(3) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in market making and similar activities. For 2023, includes $ 447 million of positive fair value adjustments related to the interest rate swaps that occurred after de-designation of BSBY hedges and prior to re-designation of the interest rate swaps into new hedges.

(4) Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in compensation and benefits expense.

Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained through Derivatives

The Corporation enters into certain transactions involving the transfer of financial assets that are accounted for as sales where substantially all of the economic exposure to the transferred financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g., interest rate and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain control over the assets transferred. At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had transferred $ 3.9 billion of non-U.S. government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities to a third-party trust and retained economic exposure to the transferred assets through derivative contracts. In connection with these transfers, the Corporation received gross cash proceeds of $ 3.9 billion at both transfer dates. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair value of the transferred securities was $ 3.8 billion and $ 3.6 billion.

Sales and Trading Revenue

The Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client transactions and to manage risk exposures arising from trading account assets and liabilities. It is the Corporation’s policy to

include these derivative instruments in its trading activities, which include derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments. The resulting risk from these derivatives is managed on a portfolio basis as part of the Corporation’s Global Markets business segment. The related sales and trading revenue generated within Global Markets is recorded in various income statement line items, including market making and similar activities and net interest income as well as other revenue categories.

Sales and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value and realized gains and losses on the sales of trading and other assets, net interest income, and fees primarily from commissions on equity securities. Revenue is generated by the difference in the client price for an instrument and the price at which the trading desk can execute the trade in the dealer market. For equity securities, commissions related to purchases and sales are recorded in the “Other” column in the Sales and Trading Revenue table. Changes in the fair value of these securities are included in market making and similar activities. For debt securities, revenue, with the exception of interest associated with the debt securities, is typically included in market making and similar activities. Unlike commissions for equity securities, the initial revenue related to broker-dealer services for debt securities is typically included in the pricing of the instrument rather than being charged through separate fee arrangements. Therefore, this revenue is recorded in market making and similar activities as part of the initial mark to fair value. For derivatives, the majority of revenue is included in market making and similar activities. In transactions where the Corporation acts as agent, which include exchange-traded futures and options, fees are recorded in other income.

The following table, which includes both derivatives and non-derivative cash instruments, identifies the amounts in the respective income statement line items attributable to the Corporation’s sales and trading revenue in Global Markets , categorized by primary risk, for 2025, 2024 and 2023. This table includes debit valuation adjustment (DVA) and funding valuation adjustment (FVA) gains (losses). Global Markets results in Note 23 – Business Segment Information are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. The following table is not presented on an FTE basis.

(1) Represents amounts in investment and brokerage services and other income that are recorded in Global Markets and included in the definition of sales and trading revenue. Includes investment and brokerage services revenue of $ 2.5 billion, $ 2.1 billion and $ 2.0 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

(2) Includes commodity risk.

Credit Derivatives

The Corporation enters into credit derivatives primarily to facilitate client transactions and to manage credit risk exposures. Credit derivatives derive value based on an underlying third-party referenced obligation or a portfolio of referenced obligations and generally require the Corporation, as the seller of credit protection, to make payments to a buyer upon the occurrence of a predefined credit event. Such credit events generally include bankruptcy of the referenced credit entity and failure to pay under the obligation, as well as acceleration of indebtedness and payment repudiation or moratorium. For credit derivatives based on a portfolio of referenced credits or credit indices, the Corporation may not be required to make payment until a specified amount of loss has occurred and/or may only be required to make payment up to a specified amount.

Credit derivatives are classified as investment and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying referenced obligation. The Corporation considers ratings of BBB- or higher as investment grade. Non-investment grade includes non-rated credit derivative instruments. The Corporation discloses internal categorizations of investment grade and non-investment grade consistent with how risk is managed for these instruments.

Credit derivative instruments where the Corporation is the seller of credit protection and their expiration at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized in the following table.

The notional amount represents the maximum amount payable by the Corporation for most credit derivatives. However, the Corporation does not monitor its exposure to credit derivatives based solely on the notional amount because this measure does not take into consideration the probability of occurrence. As such, the notional amount is not a reliable indicator of the Corporation’s exposure to these contracts. Instead, a risk framework is used to define risk tolerances and establish limits so that certain credit risk-related losses occur within acceptable, predefined limits.

Credit-related notes in the table above include investments in securities issued by CDO, CLO and credit-linked note vehicles. These instruments are primarily classified as trading

securities. The carrying value of these instruments equals the Corporation’s maximum exposure to loss. The Corporation is not obligated to make any payments to the entities under the terms of the securities owned.

Credit-related Contingent Features and Collateral

The Corporation executes the majority of its derivative contracts in the OTC market with large, international financial institutions, including broker-dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety of nonfinancial companies. A significant majority of the derivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis. Therefore, events such as a credit rating downgrade (depending on the ultimate rating level) or a breach of credit covenants would typically require an increase in the amount of collateral

required of the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow the Corporation to take additional protective measures such as early termination of all trades. Further, as previously discussed on page 158, the Corporation enters into legally enforceable master netting agreements that reduce risk by permitting closeout and netting of transactions with the same counterparty upon the occurrence of certain events.

Certain of the Corporation’s derivative contracts contain credit risk-related contingent features, primarily in the form of ISDA master netting agreements and credit support documentation that enhance the creditworthiness of these instruments compared to other obligations of the respective counterparty with whom the Corporation has transacted. These contingent features may be for the benefit of the Corporation as well as its counterparties with respect to changes in the Corporation’s creditworthiness and the mark-to-market exposure under the derivative transactions. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held cash and securities collateral of $ 119.7 billion and $ 105.9 billion and posted cash and securities collateral of $ 97.8 billion and $ 83.1 billion in the normal course of business under derivative agreements, excluding cross-product margining agreements where clients are permitted to margin on a net basis for both derivative and secured financing arrangements.

In connection with certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, the Corporation can be required to provide additional collateral or to terminate transactions with certain counterparties in the event of a downgrade of the senior debt ratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of additional collateral required depends on the contract and is usually a fixed incremental amount and/or the market value of the exposure.

At December 31, 2025, the amount of collateral, calculated based on the terms of the contracts, that the Corporation and certain subsidiaries could be required to post to counterparties but had not yet posted to counterparties was $ 2.8 billion, including $ 1.2 billion for Bank of America, National Association (BANA).

Some counterparties are currently able to unilaterally terminate certain contracts, or the Corporation or certain subsidiaries may be required to take other action such as find a suitable replacement or obtain a guarantee. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the liability recorded for these derivative contracts was not significant.

The following table presents the amount of additional collateral that would have been contractually required by derivative contracts and other trading agreements at December 31, 2025 if the rating agencies had downgraded their long-term senior debt ratings for the Corporation or certain subsidiaries by one incremental notch and by an additional second incremental notch. The table also presents derivative liabilities that would be subject to unilateral termination by counterparties upon downgrade of the Corporation's or certain subsidiaries’ long-term senior debt ratings.

(1) Included in Bank of America Corporation collateral requirements in this table.

Valuation Adjustments on Derivatives

The Corporation records credit risk valuation adjustments on derivatives in order to properly reflect the credit quality of the counterparties and its own credit quality. The Corporation calculates valuation adjustments on derivatives based on a modeled expected exposure that incorporates current market risk factors. The exposure also takes into consideration credit mitigants such as enforceable master netting agreements and collateral. CDS spread data is used to estimate the default probabilities and severities that are applied to the exposures. Where no observable credit default data is available for counterparties, the Corporation uses proxies and other market data to estimate default probabilities and severity.

The table below presents credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and FVA gains (losses) on derivatives (excluding the effect of any related hedge activities), which are recorded in market making and similar activities, for 2025, 2024 and 2023. CVA gains reduce the cumulative CVA thereby increasing the derivative assets balance. DVA gains increase the cumulative DVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. CVA and DVA losses have the opposite impact. FVA gains related to derivative assets reduce the cumulative FVA thereby increasing the derivative assets balance. FVA gains related to derivative liabilities increase the cumulative FVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilities balance. FVA losses have the opposite impact.

(1) At December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, cumulative CVA reduced the derivative assets balance by $ 336 million, $ 328 million and $ 359 million, cumulative FVA reduced the net derivative balance by $ 116 million, $ 66 million and $ 87 million and cumulative DVA reduced the derivative liabilities balance by $ 270 million, $ 272 million and $ 299 million, respectively.

NOTE 4 Securities

The table below presents the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of AFS debt securities, other debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debt securities at December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

(1) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the underlying collateral type included approximately 27 percent and 25 percent prime and 73 percent and 75 percent subprime.

(2) Primarily includes non-U.S. securities used to satisfy certain international regulatory requirements. Any changes in value are reported in market making and similar activities. For detail on the components, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements .

(3) Includes securities pledged as collateral of $ 153.8 billion and $ 184.6 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(4) The Corporation held debt securities from FNMA and FHLMC that each exceeded 10 percent of shareholders’ equity, with an amortized cost of $ 246.9 billion and $ 158.5 billion, and a fair value of $ 208.0 billion and $ 133.6 billion at December 31, 2025, and an amortized cost of $ 260.9 billion and $ 169.0 billion, and a fair value of $ 209.6 billion and $ 136.5 billion at December 31, 2024.

At December 31, 2025, the accumulated net unrealized loss on AFS debt securities, excluding the amount related to debt securities previously transferred to held to maturity, included in accumulated OCI was $ 1.3 billion, net of the related income tax benefit of $ 437 million. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, nonperforming AFS debt securities held by the Corporation were not significant.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $ 863.7 billion and $ 871.1 billion of AFS and HTM debt securities, which were predominantly U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities, had a zero credit loss assumption. For the same periods, the CECL on the remaining $ 47.6 billion and $ 37.5 billion of AFS and HTM debt securities were insignificant. For more information on the zero credit loss assumption, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles .

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held equity securities at an aggregate fair value of $ 253 million and $ 247 million and other equity securities, as valued under the measurement alternative, at a carrying value of $ 479 million

and $ 438 million, both of which are included in other assets. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation also held money market investments at a fair value of $ 1.2 billion and $ 1.3 billion, which are included in time deposits placed and other short-term investments.

The gross realized gains and losses on sales of AFS debt securities for 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the table below.

The table below presents the fair value and the associated gross unrealized losses on AFS debt securities and whether these securities have had gross unrealized losses for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Substantially all of the unrealized losses relate to debt securities that have a zero credit loss assumption.

The remaining contractual maturity distribution and yields of the Corporation’s debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debt securities at December 31, 2025 are summarized in the table below. Actual duration and yields may differ as prepayments on the loans underlying the MBS or other ABS are passed through to the Corporation.

(1) The weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective yield over the contractual life of each security. The yield considers the contractual coupon and the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, excluding the effect of related open hedging derivatives.

NOTE 5 Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses

The following tables present total outstanding loans and leases and an aging analysis for the Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments, by class of financing receivables, at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 179 million and nonperforming loans of $ 164 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 63 million and nonperforming loans of $ 105 million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 207 million and nonperforming loans of $ 687 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $ 1.4 billion, and direct/indirect consumer includes $ 45 million of nonperforming loans.

(2) Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $ 55.3 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $ 55.0 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $ 3.0 billion.

(3) Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $ 58 million and home equity loans of $ 107 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $ 2.1 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $ 1.2 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option .

(4) Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $ 62.7 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $ 6.0 billion.

(5) Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $ 39.5 billion. The Corporation also pledged $ 313.7 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank.

(1) Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 188 million and nonperforming loans of $ 174 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 71 million and nonperforming loans of $ 107 million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $ 229 million and nonperforming loans of $ 686 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $ 1.5 billion, and direct/indirect consumer includes $ 54 million of nonperforming loans.

(2) Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $ 54.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $ 48.7 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $ 2.8 billion.

(3) Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $ 59 million and home equity loans of $ 162 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $ 2.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $ 1.3 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option .

(4) Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $ 59.6 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $ 6.1 billion.

(5) Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $ 26.8 billion. The Corporation also pledged $ 305.2 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank.

The Corporation has entered into long-term credit protection agreements with FNMA and FHLMC on loans totaling $ 7.2 billion and $ 8.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, providing full credit protection on residential mortgage loans that become severely delinquent. All of these loans are individually insured, and therefore the Corporation does not record an allowance for credit losses related to these loans.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases

Nonperforming loans were $ 5.8 billion and $ 6.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Commercial nonperforming loans were $ 3.2 billion and $ 3.3 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, primarily comprised of commercial real estate and

U.S. commercial. Consumer nonperforming loans were $ 2.6 billion at both December 31, 2025 and 2024, primarily comprised of residential mortgage.

The following table presents the Corporation’s nonperforming loans and leases and loans accruing past due 90 days or more at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Nonperforming LHFS are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases, as they are recorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. For more information on the criteria for classification as nonperforming, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

(1) Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2025 and 2024 residential mortgage included $ 104 million and $ 119 million of loans on which interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were no longer accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $ 103 million and $ 110 million of loans on which interest was still accruing.

(2) Primarily relates to loans for which the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less any costs to sell is greater than the amortized cost of the loans as of the reporting date.

n/a = not applicable

Credit Quality Indicators

The Corporation monitors credit quality within its Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments based on primary credit quality indicators. For more information on the portfolio segments, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. Within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment, the primary credit quality indicators are refreshed LTV and refreshed Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score. Refreshed LTV measures the carrying value of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans are evaluated using CLTV, which measures the carrying value of the Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined with any outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. FICO score measures the creditworthiness of the borrower based on the financial obligations of the borrower and the borrower’s credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed quarterly or more frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers that have had debts discharged in a bankruptcy proceeding) may not have their FICO scores updated. FICO scores are also a

primary credit quality indicator for the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfolio segment and the business card portfolio within U.S. small business commercial. Within the Commercial portfolio segment, loans are evaluated using the internal classifications of pass rated or reservable criticized as the primary credit quality indicators. The term reservable criticized refers to those commercial loans that are internally classified or listed by the Corporation as Special Mention, Substandard or Doubtful, which are asset quality categories defined by regulatory authorities. These assets have an elevated level of risk and may have a high probability of default or total loss. Pass rated refers to all loans not considered reservable criticized. In addition to these primary credit quality indicators, the Corporation uses other credit quality indicators for certain types of loans.

The following tables present certain credit quality indicators and gross charge-offs for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31, 2025.

(1) Includes reverse mortgages of $ 457 million and home equity loans of $ 240 million, which are no longer originated.

(1) Represents loans that were modified into term loans.

(2) Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.

(3) Direct/indirect consumer includes $ 58.0 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2025.

(1) Excludes $ 3.3 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2025.

(2) Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $ 10.9 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $ 785 million for less than 620; $ 651 million for greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660; $ 3.6 billion for greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740; and $ 5.9 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $ 555 million.

The following tables present certain credit quality indicators for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31, 2024.

(1) Includes reverse mortgages of $ 500 million and home equity loans of $ 287 million, which are no longer originated.

(1) Represents loans that were modified into term loans.

(2) Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.

(3) Direct/indirect consumer includes $ 51.4 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2024.

(1) Excludes $ 4.0 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2024.

(2) Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $ 10.6 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $ 699 million for less than 620; $ 600 million for greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660; $ 3.6 billion for greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740; and $ 5.8 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $ 489 million.

During 2025, commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure decreased to $ 24.7 billion at December 31, 2025 from $ 26.5 billion (to 3.37 percent from 4.01 percent of total commercial reservable utilized exposure) at December 31, 2024, primarily driven by commercial real estate.

Loan Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty

As part of its credit risk management, the Corporation may modify a loan agreement with a borrower experiencing financial difficulties through a refinancing or restructuring of the borrower’s loan agreement (modification programs).

Consumer Real Estate

The following modification programs are offered for consumer real estate loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties, in addition to borrowers affected by natural disasters.

Forbearance and Other Payment Plans: Forbearance plans generally consist of the Corporation suspending the borrower’s payments for a defined period, with those payments then due over a defined period of time or at the conclusion of the forbearance period. The aging status of a loan is generally frozen when it enters into a forbearance plan. If a borrower is unable to fulfill their obligations under the forbearance plans, they may be offered a trial offer or permanent modification.

Trial Offer and Permanent Modifications : Trial offer for modification plans generally consist of the Corporation offering a borrower modified loan terms that reduce their contractual payments temporarily over a three -to- four-month trial period. If the customer successfully makes the modified payments during the trial period and formally accepts the modified terms, the modified loan terms become permanent. Some borrowers may enter into permanent modifications without a trial period. In a permanent modification, the borrower’s payment terms are typically modified in more than one manner, but generally include a term extension and an interest rate reduction. At times, the permanent modification may also include principal forgiveness and/or a deferral of past due principal and interest amounts to the end of the loan term. The combinations utilized are based on modifying the terms that give the borrower an improved ability to meet the contractual obligations. The term extensions granted for residential mortgage and home equity permanent modifications vary widely and can be up to 30 years, but mostly are in the range of 1 to 20 years. Principal forgiveness and payment deferrals were insignificant during 2025 and 2024.

The table below provides the ending amortized cost of the Corporation’s modified consumer real estate loans at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

The table below presents the financial effect of modified consumer real estate loans.

n/m = not meaningful

For consumer real estate borrowers in financial difficulty that received a forbearance, trial or permanent modification, commitments to lend additional funds were not significant at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectiveness of modification programs. During 2025 and 2024, defaults of residential and home equity loans that had been modified within 12 months were $ 110 million and

$ 128 million. The table below provides aging information as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 for consumer real estate loans that were modified over the last 12 months.

Consumer real estate foreclosed properties totaled $ 58 million and $ 60 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The carrying value of consumer real estate loans, including fully-insured loans, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2025 and 2024, was $ 411 million and $ 464 million. During 2025 and 2024, the Corporation reclassified $ 51 million and $ 89 million of consumer real estate loans to foreclosed properties or, for properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans), to other assets. The reclassifications represent non-cash investing activities and, accordingly, are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Credit Card and Other Consumer

Credit card and other consumer loans are primarily modified by placing the customer on a fixed payment plan with a significantly reduced fixed interest rate, with terms ranging from 6 months to 72 months, most of which had a 60-month term at December 31, 2025. In certain circumstances, the Corporation will forgive a portion of the outstanding balance if the borrower makes payments up to a set amount. The Corporation makes modifications directly with borrowers for loans held by the Corporation (internal programs) as well as through third-party renegotiation agencies that provide solutions to customers’ entire unsecured debt structures (external programs). The December 31, 2025 amortized cost of credit card and other consumer loans that were modified through these programs during 2025 was $ 705 million compared to $ 650 million in 2024. These modifications represented 0.32 percent of outstanding credit card and other consumer loans for 2025 compared to 0.31 percent for 2024. During 2025, the financial effect of modifications resulted in a weighted-average interest rate reduction of 17.77 percent compared to 18.89 percent in 2024, and principal forgiveness of $ 101 million compared to $ 113 million in 2024.

The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectiveness of modification programs. During 2025 and 2024, defaults of credit card and other consumer loans that had been modified within 12 months were insignificant. At December 31, 2025, modified credit card and other consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty over the last 12 months totaled $ 705 million, of which $ 602 million were current, $ 59 million were 30-89 days past due, and $ 44 million were greater than 90 days past due. At December 31, 2024, modified credit card and other consumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty totaled $ 650 million, of which $ 546 million were current, $ 58 million were 30-89 days past due, and $ 46 million were greater than 90 days past due.

Commercial Loans

Modifications of loans to commercial borrowers experiencing financial difficulty are designed to reduce the Corporation’s loss exposure while providing borrowers with an opportunity to work through financial difficulties, often to avoid foreclosure or bankruptcy. Each modification is unique, reflects the borrower’s individual circumstances and is designed to benefit the borrower while mitigating the Corporation’s risk exposure. Commercial modifications are primarily term extensions and payment forbearances. Payment forbearances involve the Corporation forbearing its contractual right to collect certain payments or payment in full (maturity forbearance) for a defined period of time. Reductions in interest rates and principal forgiveness occur infrequently for commercial borrowers. Principal forgiveness may occur in connection with foreclosure, short sales or other settlement agreements, leading to termination or sale of the loan. The following table provides the ending amortized cost of commercial loans modified during 2025 and 2024.

Term extensions granted increased the weighted-average life of the impacted loans by 1.3 years during 2025 compared to 1.7 years in 2024. The weighted-average duration of loan payments deferred under the Corporation’s commercial loan forbearance program was 1.3 years and 9 months during 2025 and 2024. T he deferral period for loan payments can vary, but are mostly in the range of 8 months to 2 years. Modifications of loans to tro ubled borrowers for Commercial Lease Financing and U.S. Small Business Commercial were not significant during 2025.

The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectiveness of modification programs. In 2025 and 2024, defaults of commercial loans that had been modified within 12 months were $ 296 million and $ 102 million. The table below provides aging information as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 for commercial loans that were modified over the last 12 months.

For 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to lend $ 966 million and $ 1.3 billion to commercial borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose loans were modified during the period.

Loans Held-for-sale

The Corporation had LHFS of $ 5.2 billion and $ 9.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Cash and non-cash proceeds from sales and paydowns of loans originally classified as LHFS were $ 35.6 billion, $ 32.3 billion and $ 16.3 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Cash used for originations and purchases of LHFS totaled $ 30.4 billion, $ 36.2 billion and $ 15.6 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Also included were non-cash net transfers into LHFS of $ 79 million, $ 0 and $ 632 million during 2025, 2024 and 2023, which are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

Accrued Interest Receivable

Accrued interest receivable for loans and leases and LHFS was $ 4.2 billion and $ 4.3 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 and is reported in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Outstanding credit card loan balances include unpaid principal, interest and fees. Credit card loans are not classified as nonperforming but are charged off no later than the end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due, within 60 days after receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy, or upon confirmation of fraud . During 2025, the Corporation reversed $ 870 million of interest and fee income against the income statement line item in which it was originally recorded upon charge-off of the principal balance of the loan compared to $ 856 million in 2024.

For the outstanding residential mortgage, home equity, direct/indirect consumer and commercial loan balances classified as nonperforming during 2025 and 2024, interest and fee income reversed at the time the loans were classified as nonperforming was not significant. For more information on the Corporation's nonperforming loan policies, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles .

Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses is estimated using quantitative and qualitative methods that consider a variety of factors, such as historical loss experience, the current credit quality of the portfolio and an economic outlook over the life of the loan.

Qualitative reserves cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not adequately be reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptions. The economic outlook is a significant factor and incorporates forward-looking information through the use of several macroeconomic scenarios in determining the weighted economic outlook over the forecasted life of the assets. These scenarios include key macroeconomic variables such as gross domestic product, unemployment rate, real estate prices and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economic indicators, internal and third-party economist views, and industry trends. For more information on the Corporation's credit loss accounting policies including the allowance for credit losses, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles .

The December 31, 2025 estimate for allowance for credit losses was based on various economic scenarios, including a baseline scenario derived from consensus estimates, an adverse scenario reflecting a moderate recession, a downside scenario reflecting continued inflation, a tail risk scenario similar to the severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an upside scenario that considers the potential for improvement above the baseline scenario. The Corporation’s overall weighted economic outlook as of December 31, 2025 remained relatively stable as compared to the weighted economic outlook estimated as of December 31, 2024. The weighted economic outlook for the Corporation’s quantitative reserves assumes that the U.S. average unemployment rate will be approximately five percent in the fourth quarter of 2026 and will remain near this level through the fourth quarter of 2027. It also assumes U.S. real gross domestic product will grow at 1.4 percent and 1.8 percent year-over-year in the fourth quarters of 2026 and 2027.

The allowance for credit losses increased $ 44 million from December 31, 2024 to $ 14.4 billion at December 31, 2025. There were no significant changes to the qualitative reserves at December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024. The change in the allowance for credit losses was comprised of a net decrease of $ 37 million in the allowance for loan and lease losses and an increase of $ 81 million in the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The increase in the allowance for credit losses was attributed to increases in the commercial portfolio of $ 229 million and the consumer real estate portfolio of $ 128 million, partially offset by a decrease in the credit card and other consumer portfolios of $ 313 million.

The provision for credit losses decreased $ 146 million to $ 5.7 billion in 2025 compared to $ 5.8 billion in 2024 and $ 4.4 billion in 2023. The decline in provision for credit losses in 2025 was primarily driven by improved asset quality in credit card and commercial real estate, partially offset by loan growth. The increase in provision for credit losses in 2024 was primarily driven by credit card as well as small business loan growth, and asset quality deterioration in the commercial real estate office and credit card portfolios.

Net charge-offs decreased $ 400 million to $ 5.6 billion in 2025 compared to $ 6.0 billion in 2024. The decrease in net charge-offs in 2025 was driven by asset quality improvement in commercial real estate office.

Outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option increased $ 90.6 billion in 2025 primarily driven by commercial, which increased $ 72.0 billion due to broad-based growth.

The changes in the allowance for credit losses, including net charge-offs and provision for loan and lease losses, are detailed in the following table.

NOTE 6 Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities

The Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business to support its own and its customers’ financing and investing needs. The Corporation routinely securitizes loans and debt securities using VIEs as a source of funding for the Corporation and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or debt securities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a trust or other securitization vehicle such that the assets are legally isolated from the creditors of the Corporation and are not available to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settle obligations of the trust or other securitization vehicle. The Corporation also administers, structures or invests in other VIEs including CDOs, investment vehicles and other entities. For more information on the Corporation’s use of VIEs, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.

The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2025 and 2024 in situations where the Corporation has a loan or security interest and involvement with transferred assets or if the Corporation otherwise has an additional interest in the VIE. The tables also present the Corporation’s maximum loss

exposure at December 31, 2025 and 2024 resulting from its involvement with consolidated VIEs and unconsolidated VIEs. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure is based on the unlikely event that all of the assets in the VIEs become worthless and incorporates not only potential losses associated with assets recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but also potential losses associated with off-balance sheet commitments, such as unfunded liquidity commitments and other contractual arrangements. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure does not include losses previously recognized through write-downs of assets.

The Corporation invests in ABS, CLOs and other similar investments issued by third-party VIEs with which it has no other form of involvement other than a loan or debt security issued by the VIE. In addition, the Corporation also enters into certain commercial lending arrangements that may utilize VIEs for activities secondary to the lending arrangement, for example to hold collateral. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to these VIEs is the investment balances. These securities and loans are included in Note 4 – Securities or Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses and are not included in the following tables.

The Corporation did not provide financial support to consolidated or unconsolidated VIEs during 2025, 2024 and 2023 that it was not previously contractually required to provide, nor does it intend to do so.

The Corporation had liquidity commitments, including written put options and collateral value guarantees, with certain unconsolidated VIEs of $ 1.1 billion and $ 1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

First-lien Mortgage Securitizations

As part of its mortgage banking activities, the Corporation securitizes a portion of the first-lien residential mortgage loans it originates or purchases from third parties, generally in the form of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) guaranteed by government-sponsored enterprises, FNMA and FHLMC (collectively the GSEs), or the Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) primarily in the case of FHA-

insured and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed mortgage loans. Securitization usually occurs in conjunction with or shortly after origination or purchase, and the Corporation may also securitize loans held in its residential mortgage portfolio. In addition, the Corporation may, from time to time, securitize commercial mortgages it originates or purchases from other entities. The Corporation typically services the loans it securitizes. Further, the Corporation may retain beneficial interests in the securitization trusts including senior and subordinate securities and equity tranches issued by the trusts. Except as described in Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies , the Corporation does not provide guarantees or recourse to the securitization trusts other than standard representations and warranties.

The table below summarizes select information related to first-lien mortgage securitizations for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored primarily by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and primarily receives residential mortgage-backed securities in exchange. Substantially all of these securities are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and are typically sold shortly after receipt.

(2) A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to securitization, which totaled $ 39 million, $ 33 million and $ 49 million, net of hedges, during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are not included in the table above.

(3) The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications. Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.

The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or securitization of consumer real estate loans. The unpaid principal balance of loans serviced for investors, including residential mortgage and home equity loans, totaled $ 78.7 billion and $ 84.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Servicing fee and ancillary fee income on serviced loans was $ 215 million, $ 231 million and $ 248 million during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Servicing advances on serviced loans, including loans serviced for others and loans held for investment, were $ 894 million and $ 1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. For more information on MSRs, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements .

Home Equity Loans

The Corporation retains interests, primarily senior securities, in home equity securitization trusts to which it transferred home

equity loans. In addition, the Corporation may be obligated to provide subordinate funding to the trusts during a rapid amortization event. This obligation is included in the maximum loss exposure in the preceding table. The charges that will ultimately be recorded as a result of the rapid amortization events depend on the undrawn portion of the home equity lines of credit, performance of the loans, the amount of subsequent draws and the timing of related cash flows.

Mortgage and Home Equity Securitizations

The following table summarizes select information related to mortgage and home equity securitization trusts in which the Corporation held a variable interest and had continuing involvement at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both consolidated and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more information, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies .

(2) Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements .

(3) Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization VIEs with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans.

Other Asset-backed Securitizations

The following paragraphs summarize select information related to other asset-backed VIEs in which the Corporation had a variable interest at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Credit Card and Automobile Loan Securitizations

The Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card and automobile loans as a source of financing. The loans are sold on a non-recourse basis to consolidated trusts. The securitizations are ongoing, whereas additional receivables will be funded into the trusts by either loan repayments or proceeds from securities issued to third parties, depending on the securitization structure. The Corporation’s continuing involvement with the securitization trusts includes servicing the receivables and holding various subordinated interests, including an undivided seller’s interest in the credit card receivables and owning certain retained interests.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying values of the receivables in the trusts totaled $ 17.1 billion and $ 18.1 billion, which are included in loans and leases, and the carrying values of senior debt securities that were issued to third-party investors from the trusts totaled $ 6.4 billion and $ 8.0 billion, which are included in long-term debt.

Resecuritization Trusts

The Corporation transfers securities, typically MBS, into resecuritization VIEs generally at the request of customers seeking securities with specific characteristics. Generally, there are no significant ongoing activities performed in a resecuritization trust, and no single investor has the unilateral ability to liquidate the trust.

The Corporation resecuritized $ 32.4 billion, $ 23.9 billion and $ 8.6 billion of securities during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Securities transferred into resecuritization VIEs were measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded

in market making and similar activities prior to the resecuritization and, accordingly, no gain or loss on sale was recorded. Securities received from the resecuritization VIEs were recognized at their fair value of $ 4.5 billion, $ 3.6 billion and $ 2.4 billion during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, substantially all of the securities were classified as trading account assets. Substantially all of the trading account securities carried at fair value were categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.

During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation deconsolidated resecuritization trusts with total assets of $ 580 million, $ 1.1 billion and $ 685 million.

Customer VIEs

Customer VIEs include credit-linked, equity-linked and commodity-linked note VIEs, repackaging VIEs and asset acquisition VIEs, which are typically created on behalf of customers who wish to obtain market or credit exposure to a specific company, index, commodity or financial instrument.

The Corporation’s involvement in the VIE is limited to its loss exposure. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidated and unconsolidated customer VIEs totaled $ 1.7 billion and $ 1.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, including the notional amount of derivatives to which the Corporation is a counterparty, net of losses previously recorded, and the Corporation’s investment, if any, in securities issued by the VIEs.

Municipal Bond Trusts

The Corporation administers municipal bond trusts that hold highly-rated, long-term, fixed-rate municipal bonds. The trusts obtain financing by issuing floating-rate trust certificates that reprice on a weekly or other short-term basis to third-party investors.

The Corporation’s liquidity commitments to unconsolidated municipal bond trusts, including those for which the Corporation was transferor, totaled $ 3.0 billion and $ 1.8 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The weighted-average remaining life of bonds held in the trusts at December 31, 2025 was 9.7 years. There were no significant write-downs or downgrades of assets or issuers during 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Collateralized Debt Obligation VIEs

The Corporation receives fees for structuring CDO VIEs, which hold diversified pools of fixed-income securities, typically corporate debt or ABS, which the CDO VIEs fund by issuing multiple tranches of debt and equity securities. CDOs are generally managed by third-party portfolio managers. The Corporation typically transfers assets to these CDOs, holds securities issued by the CDOs and may be a derivative counterparty to the CDOs. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidated and unconsolidated CDOs totaled $ 60 million and $ 65 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Investment VIEs

The Corporation sponsors, invests in or provides financing, which may be in connection with the sale of assets, to a variety of investment VIEs that hold loans, real estate, debt securities or other financial instruments and are designed to provide the desired investment profile to investors or the Corporation. At

December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s consolidated investment VIEs had total assets of $ 58 million and $ 6 million. The Corporation also held investments in unconsolidated VIEs with total assets of $ 30.0 billion and $ 23.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure associated with both consolidated and unconsolidated investment VIEs totaled $ 2.8 billion and $ 2.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 comprised primarily of on-balance sheet assets less non-recourse liabilities.

Leveraged Lease Trusts

The Corporation’s net investment in consolidated leveraged lease trusts totaled $ 850 million and $ 1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The trusts hold long-lived equipment such as rail cars, power generation and distribution equipment, and commercial aircraft. The Corporation structures the trusts and holds a significant residual interest. The net investment represents the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to the trusts in the unlikely event that the leveraged lease investments become worthless. Debt issued by the leveraged lease trusts is non-recourse to the Corporation.

The table below summarizes the maximum loss exposure and assets held by the Corporation that related to other asset-backed VIEs at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) At December 31, 2025 and 2024 loans and leases in the consolidated credit card trust included $ 5.4 billion and $ 4.5 billion of seller’s interest.

(2) The retained senior securities were valued using quoted market prices or observable market inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).

Tax Credit VIEs

The Corporation holds equity investments in unconsolidated limited partnerships and similar entities that construct, own and operate affordable housing, renewable energy and certain other projects. The total assets of these unconsolidated tax credit VIEs were $ 86.5 billion and $ 85.7 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. An unrelated third party is typically the general partner or managing member and has control over the significant activities of the VIE. As an investor, tax credits associated with the investments in these entities are allocated to the Corporation, as provided by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and related regulations, and are recognized as income tax benefits in the Corporation’s Consolidated Statement of Income in the year they are earned, which varies based on the type of investments.

The Corporation has investments in affordable housing, renewable energy and certain other projects that have a carrying value of $ 24.4 billion and $ 26.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, which includes unfunded capital contributions of $ 8.1 billion and $ 8.9 billion that are probable to be paid.

For the investments that qualify, the Corporation has elected to account for its equity investments in affordable housing, renewable wind energy and certain other projects under the proportional amortization method. The investments that do not qualify are accounted for under the equity method. During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation recognized income tax credits and other tax benefits related to these investments of $ 4.6 billion, $ 4.7 billion and $ 4.6 billion. For investments accounted for under the proportional amortization method, the Corporation recognized investment amortization of $ 3.3 billion, $ 3.5 billion and $ 3.4 billion in income tax expense during 2025, 2024 and 2023, and additional gains, losses and other returns totaling $ 133 million, $ 171 million and $ 171 million in other income for the same periods. The Corporation also has equity investments in solar renewable energy projects that are accounted for under either the equity method or at fair value when the Corporation has elected to account for the investment at fair value. These investments totaled $ 1.0 billion and $ 1.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Corporation’s unfunded commitments that are not included in the carrying value of its tax-related equity investment VIEs totaled $ 2.6 billion and $ 2.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, which are contingent on various conditions precedent to funding over the next 10 years. The Corporation’s risk of loss is generally mitigated by

policies requiring the project to qualify for the expected tax credits prior to making its investment. For investments accounted for under the proportional amortization method, there were no significant modifications or events that resulted in a change in the nature of those investments or in the relationship with the underlying project. The Corporation may also enter into power purchase agreements with renewable energy tax credit entities.

The table below summarizes select information related to unconsolidated tax credit VIEs in which the Corporation held a variable interest at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

NOTE 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill

The table below presents goodwill balances by business segment at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The reporting units utilized for goodwill impairment testing are the operating segments or one level below.

D uring 2025, the Corporation completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2025 by using a quantitative assessment for the Consumer Banking reporting unit and a qualitative assessment for the remaining six reporting units. Based on the assessments, the Corporation concluded that none of its reporting units are at risk of impairment, as each of the reporting units’ fair values are substantially in excess of their carrying values. For more information regarding the nature of and accounting for the Corporation’s annual goodwill impairment testing, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles .

Intangible Assets

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the net carrying value of intangible assets was $ 1.8 billion and $ 2.0 billion. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, intangible assets included $ 1.5 billion and $ 1.6 billion of intangible assets associated with trade names, substantially all of which had an indefinite life and, accordingly, are not being amortized. Amortization of intangibles expense was $ 78 million for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

NOTE 8 Leases

The Corporation enters into both lessor and lessee arrangements. For more information on lease accounting, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and on lease financing receivables, see Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses.

Lessor Arrangements

The Corporation’s lessor arrangements primarily consist of operating, sales-type and direct financing leases for equipment. Lease agreements may include options to renew and for the lessee to purchase the leased equipment at the end of the lease term.

The table below presents the net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) In certain cases, the Corporation obtains third-party residual value insurance to reduce its residual asset risk. The carrying value of residual assets with third-party residual value insurance for at least a portion of the asset value was $ 9.4 billion and $ 8.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

The table below presents lease income for 2025 , 2024 and 2023.

Lessee Arrangements

The Corporation's lessee arrangements predominantly consist of operating leases for premises and equipment; the Corporation's financing leases are not significant.

Lease terms may contain renewal and extension options and early termination features. Generally, these options do not impact the lease term because the Corporation is not reasonably certain that it will exercise the options.

The table below provides information on the right-of-use assets, lease liabilities and weighted-average discount rates and lease terms December 31, 2025 and 2024 .

(1) Represents non-cash activity and, accordingly, is not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

(2) Represents cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities.

(3) Primarily consists of payments for common area maintenance and property taxes.

(4) Amounts are recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Maturity Analysis

The maturities of lessor and lessee arrangements outstanding at December 31, 2025 are presented in the table below based on undiscounted cash flows.

(1) Excludes $ 594 million in commitments under lessee arrangements that have not yet commenced with lease terms that will begin in 2026.

(2) Includes $ 11.9 billion in commercial lease financing receivables and $ 7.3 billion in direct/indirect consumer lease financing receivables.

(3) Represents lease receivables for lessor arrangements and lease liabilities for lessee arrangements.

NOTE 9 Deposits

The table below presents total deposits at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

The scheduled contractual maturities for total time deposits at December 31, 2025 are presented in the table below.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had aggregate U.S. time deposits of $ 129.3 billion and $ 138.1 billion and non-U.S. time deposits of $ 16.2 billion and $ 13.0 billion, respectively, in denominations that met or exceeded insurance limits.

NOTE 10 Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash

The Corporation enters into securities financing agreements which include securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. These financing agreements (also referred to as “matched-book transactions”) are to accommodate customers, obtain securities to cover short positions and finance inventory positions. The Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements under the fair value option. For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option .

Offsetting of Securities Financing Agreements

Substantially all of the Corporation’s securities financing activities are transacted under legally enforceable master repurchase agreements or legally enforceable master securities lending agreements that give the Corporation, in the event of

default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. The Corporation offsets securities financing transactions with the same counterparty on the Consolidated Balance Sheet where it has such a legally enforceable master netting agreement and the transactions have the same maturity date.

The Securities Financing Agreements table presents securities financing agreements included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, and in federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty netting. Gross assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements. For more information on the offsetting of derivatives, see Note 3 – Derivatives.

(1) Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.

(2) Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction to derive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.

(3) Excludes repurchase activity of $ 19.6 billion and $ 12.3 billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(4) Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return those securities.

Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned Transactions Accounted for as Secured Borrowings

The following tables present securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned by remaining contractual term to maturity and class of collateral pledged. Included in “Other” are transactions where the Corporation acts as the

lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral or sold. Certain agreements contain a right to substitute collateral and/or terminate the agreement prior to maturity at the option of the Corporation or the counterparty. Such agreements are included in the table below based on the remaining contractual term to maturity.

(1) No agreements have maturities greater than four years .

Under repurchase agreements, the Corporation is required to post collateral with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount borrowed. For securities loaned transactions, the Corporation receives collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other securities. To determine whether the market value of the underlying collateral remains sufficient, collateral is generally valued daily, and the Corporation may be required to deposit additional collateral or may receive or return collateral pledged when appropriate. Repurchase agreements and securities loaned transactions are generally either overnight, continuous (i.e., no stated term) or short-term. The Corporation manages liquidity risks related to these agreements by sourcing funding from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a range of securities collateral and pursuing longer durations, when appropriate. Securities financing agreements do not create material credit risk due to these collateral provisions; therefore, any allowance for loan losses is insignificant.

Short-term Borrowings

The Corporation classifies borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year as short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the majority of short-term borrowings consisted of Federal Home Loan Bank advances, which totaled $ 7.9 billion and $ 12.7 billion, and commercial paper, which totaled $ 20.4 billion and $ 24.2 billion.

Collateral

The Corporation accepts securities and loans as collateral that it is permitted by contract or practice to sell or repledge. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair value of this collateral was $ 1.1 trillion and $ 925.7 billion, of which $ 1.0 trillion and $ 882.2 billion were sold or repledged. The primary source of this collateral is securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell.

The Corporation also pledges company-owned securities and loans as collateral in transactions that include repurchase agreements, securities loaned, public and trust deposits, U.S. Treasury tax and loan notes, and short-term borrowings. This collateral, which in some cases can be sold or repledged by the counterparties to the transactions, is parenthetically disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

In certain cases, the Corporation has transferred assets to consolidated VIEs where those restricted assets serve as collateral for the interests issued by the VIEs. These assets are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Assets of Consolidated VIEs.

In addition, the Corporation obtains collateral in connection with its derivative contracts. Required collateral levels vary depending on the credit risk rating and the type of counterparty. Generally, the Corporation accepts collateral in the form of cash, U.S. Treasury securities and other marketable securities. Based on provisions contained in master netting agreements, the Corporation nets cash collateral received against derivative assets. The Corporation also pledges collateral on its own derivative positions which can be applied against derivative liabilities. For more information on the collateral of derivatives, see Note 3 – Derivatives.

Restricted Cash

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held restricted cash included within cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet of $ 6.5 billion and $ 6.1 billion, predominantly related to cash segregated in compliance with securities regulations and cash held on deposit with central banks to meet reserve requirements.

NOTE 11 Long-term Debt

Long-term debt consists of borrowings having an original maturity of one year or more. The table below presents the balance of long-term debt at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related contractual rates and maturity dates as of December 31, 2025.

(1) Includes total loss-absorbing capacity compliant debt.

(2) Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Long-term debt of VIEs is collateralized by the assets of the VIEs. At December 31, 2025, amount includes debt from credit card and automobile securitizations of $ 6.4 billion and other VIEs of $ 472 million. For more information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities.

(3) Includes debt outstanding of $ 19.2 billion and $ 11.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 that was issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation, the parent company, and is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent company.

During 2025, the Corporation issued $ 98.1 billion of long-term debt consisting of $ 36.5 billion of notes issued by Bank of America Corporation, $ 26.3 billion of notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. and $ 35.3 billion of other debt. During 2024, the Corporation issued $ 54.8 billion of long-term debt consisting of $ 17.8 billion of notes issued by Bank of America Corporation, $ 15.6 billion of notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. and $ 21.4 billion of other debt.

During 2025, the Corporation had total long-term debt maturities and redemptions in the aggregate of $ 74.6 billion consisting of $ 38.8 billion for Bank of America Corporation, $ 18.6 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $ 17.2 billion of other debt. During 2024, the Corporation had total long-term debt maturities and redemptions in the aggregate of $ 66.6 billion consisting of $ 36.4 billion for Bank of America Corporation, $ 16.8 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $ 13.4 billion of other debt.

Bank of America Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. maintain various U.S. and non-U.S. debt programs to offer both senior and subordinated notes. The notes may be denominated in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the amount of foreign currency-denominated debt translated into U.S. dollars included in total long-term debt was $ 57.5 billion and $ 43.8 billion. Foreign currency contracts may

be used to convert certain foreign currency-denominated debt into U.S. dollars.

The weighted-average effective interest rates for total long-term debt (excluding senior structured notes), total fixed-rate debt and total floating-rate debt were 3.90 percent, 3.91 percent and 3.81 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2025, and 3.80 percent, 3.71 percent and 4.45 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2024. The Corporation’s ALM activities maintain an overall interest rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of interest rate contracts to manage fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not have a significantly adverse effect on earnings and capital. The weighted-average rates are the contractual interest rates on the debt and do not reflect the impacts of derivative transactions.

The following table shows the carrying value for aggregate annual contractual maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2025. Included in the table are certain structured notes issued by the Corporation that contain provisions whereby the borrowings are redeemable at the option of the holder (put options) at specified dates prior to maturity. Other structured notes have coupon or repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or

commodities, and the maturity may be accelerated based on the value of a referenced index or security. In both cases, the Corporation or a subsidiary may be required to settle the

obligation for cash or other securities prior to the contractual maturity date. These borrowings are reflected in the table as maturing at their contractual maturity date.

(1) Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

NOTE 12 Commitments and Contingencies

In the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into a number of off-balance sheet commitments. These commitments expose the Corporation to varying degrees of credit and market risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk limitation reviews as those instruments recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Credit Extension Commitments

The Corporation enters into commitments to extend credit such as loan commitments, SBLCs and commercial letters of credit to meet the financing needs of its customers. The following table includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts were $ 10.6 billion and $ 10.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The carrying value of the Corporation’s credit extension commitments at December 31, 2025 and 2024, excluding commitments accounted for under

the fair value option, was $ 1.2 billion and $ 1.1 billion, which predominantly related to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The carrying value of these commitments is classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Legally binding commitments to extend credit generally have specified rates and maturities. Certain of these commitments have adverse change clauses that help to protect the Corporation against deterioration in the borrower’s ability to pay.

The following table includes the notional amount of commitments of $ 2.4 billion and $ 2.2 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 that are accounted for under the fair value option. However, the table excludes the cumulative net fair value for these commitments of $ 67 million and $ 144 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, which is classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities. For more information regarding the Corporation’s loan commitments accounted for under the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.

(1) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $ 3.4 billion and $ 4.4 billion of these loan commitments were held in the form of a security.

(2) The notional amounts of SBLCs and financial guarantees classified as investment grade and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying reference name within the instrument were $ 26.8 billion and $ 10.4 billion at December 31, 2025, and $ 25.0 billion and $ 10.1 billion at December 31, 2024. Amounts in the table include consumer SBLCs of $ 987 million and $ 1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(3) Primarily includes second-loss positions on lease-end residual value guarantees.

(4) Includes business card unused lines of credit.

Other Commitments

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to purchase loans (e.g., residential mortgage and commercial real estate) of $ 700 million and $ 242 million, which upon settlement will be included in trading account assets, loans or LHFS, and commitments to purchase commercial loans, net of amounts sold, of $ 558 million and $ 768 million, which upon settlement will be included in trading account assets.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to enter into resale and forward-dated resale and securities borrowing agreements of $ 149.0 billion and $ 109.8 billion, and commitments to enter into forward-dated repurchase and securities lending agreements of $ 108.9 billion and $ 87.1 billion. A significant portion of these commitments will expire within the next 12 months.

At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had a commitment to originate or purchase up to $ 4.0 billion, on a rolling 12-month basis, of auto loans and leases from a strategic partner. This commitment extends through November 2030 and can be terminated with 12 months prior notice.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had debt and equity security commitments totaling $ 884 million and $ 787 million.

As a Federal Reserve member bank, the Corporation is required to subscribe to a certain amount of shares issued by its Federal Reserve district bank, which pays cumulative dividends at a prescribed rate. At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had paid $ 5.4 billion for half of its subscribed shares, with the remaining half subject to call by the Federal Reserve district bank board, which the Corporation believes is remote.

Other Guarantees

Bank-owned Life Insurance Book Value Protection

The Corporation sells products that offer book value protection to insurance carriers who offer group life insurance policies to corporations, primarily banks. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, these guarantees, which are accounted for as derivatives, had a notional amount of $ 2.4 billion and $ 3.3 billion and an insignificant fair value. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s maximum exposure related to these guarantees totaled $ 377 million and $ 506 million, with an estimated maturity in 2034.

Indemnifications

In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into various agreements that contain indemnifications, such as tax indemnifications, whereupon payment may become due if certain external events occur, such as a change in tax law. The indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and were entered into in the normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss would be remote. These agreements typically contain an early termination clause that permits the Corporation to exit the agreement upon these events. The maximum potential future payment under indemnification agreements is difficult to assess for several reasons, including the occurrence of an external event, the inability to predict future changes in tax and other laws, the difficulty in determining how such laws would apply to parties in contracts, the absence of exposure limits contained in standard contract language and the timing of any early termination clauses. Historically, any payments made under these guarantees have been de minimis. The Corporation has assessed the probability of making such payments in the future as remote.

Merchant Services

The Corporation in its role as merchant acquirer or as a sponsor of other merchant acquirers may be held liable for any reversed charges that cannot be collected from the merchants due to, among other things, merchant fraud or insolvency. If charges are properly reversed after a purchase and cannot be collected from either the merchants or merchant acquirers, the Corporation may be held liable for these reversed charges. The ability to reverse a charge is primarily governed by the applicable payment network rules and regulations, which include, but are not limited to, the type of charge, type of payment used and time limits. The total amount of transactions subject to reversal under payment network rules and regulations processed for the preceding six-month period, which was approximately $ 194 billion, is an estimate of the Corporation’s maximum potential exposure as of December 31, 2025. The Corporation’s risk in this area primarily relates to circumstances where a cardholder has purchased goods or services for future delivery. The Corporation mitigates this risk by requiring cash deposits, guarantees, letters of credit or other types of collateral from certain merchants. The Corporation’s reserves for contingent losses, and the losses incurred related to the merchant processing activity were not significant.

Exchange and Clearing House Member Guarantees

The Corporation is a member of various securities and derivative exchanges and clearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other countries. As a member, the Corporation may be required to pay a pro-rata share of the losses incurred by some of these organizations as a result of another member default and under other loss scenarios. The Corporation’s potential obligations may be limited to its membership interests in such exchanges and clearinghouses, to the amount (or multiple) of the Corporation’s contribution to the guarantee fund or, in limited instances, to the full pro-rata share of the residual losses after applying the guarantee fund. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure under these membership agreements is difficult to estimate; however, the Corporation has assessed the probability of making any such payments as remote.

Prime Brokerage and Securities Clearing Services

In connection with its prime brokerage and clearing businesses, the Corporation performs securities clearance and settlement services with other brokerage firms and clearinghouses on behalf of its clients. Under these arrangements, the Corporation stands ready to meet the obligations of its clients with respect to securities transactions. The Corporation’s obligations in this respect are secured by the assets in the clients’ accounts and the accounts of their customers as well as by any proceeds received from the transactions cleared and settled by the Corporation on behalf of clients or their customers. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure under these arrangements is difficult to estimate; however, the potential for the Corporation to incur material losses pursuant to these arrangements is remote.

Fixed Income Clearing Corporation Sponsored Member Repo Program

The Corporation acts as a sponsoring member in a repo program whereby the Corporation clears certain eligible resale and repurchase agreements through the Government Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation on behalf of clients that are sponsored members in accordance with the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation’s rules. As part of this program, the Corporation guarantees the payment and

performance of its sponsored members to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation. The Corporation’s guarantee obligation is secured by a security interest in cash or high-quality securities collateral placed by clients with the clearinghouse and therefore, the potential for the Corporation to incur significant losses under this arrangement is remote. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure, without taking into consideration the related collateral, was $ 339.1 billion and $ 191.9 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Other Guarantees

In the normal course of business, the Corporation periodically guarantees the obligations of its affiliates in a variety of transactions including ISDA-related transactions and non-ISDA related transactions such as commodities trading, repurchase agreements, prime brokerage agreements and other transactions.

Guarantees of Certain Long-term Debt

The Corporation, as the parent company, fully and unconditionally guarantees the securities issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation, and effectively provides for the full and unconditional guarantee of trust securities and capital securities issued by certain statutory trust companies that are 100 percent owned finance subsidiaries of the Corporation.

Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate Guarantees

The Corporation securitizes first-lien residential mortgage loans generally in the form of RMBS guaranteed by the GSEs or by GNMA in the case of FHA-insured, VA-guaranteed and Rural Housing Service-guaranteed mortgage loans, and sells pools of first-lien residential mortgage loans in the form of whole loans. In addition, in prior years, legacy companies and certain subsidiaries sold pools of first-lien residential mortgage loans and home equity loans as private-label securitizations or in the form of whole loans. In connection with these transactions, the Corporation or certain of its subsidiaries or legacy companies make and have made various representations and warranties. Breaches of these representations and warranties have resulted in and may continue to result in the requirement to repurchase mortgage loans or to otherwise make whole or provide indemnification or other remedies to sponsors, investors, securitization trusts, guarantors, insurers or other parties (collectively, repurchases).

Unresolved Repurchase Claims

Unresolved representations and warranties repurchase claims represent the notional amount of repurchase claims made by counterparties, typically the outstanding principal balance or the unpaid principal balance at the time of default. In the case of first-lien mortgages, the claim amount is often significantly greater than the expected loss amount due to the benefit of collateral and, in some cases, mortgage insurance or mortgage guarantee payments.

The notional amount of unresolved repurchase claims at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 2.1 billion. These balances included $ 837 million at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 of claims related to loans in specific private-label securitization groups or tranches where the Corporation owns substantially all of the outstanding securities or will otherwise realize the benefit of any repurchase claims paid.

During 2025, the Corporation received $ 39 million in new repurchase claims that were not time-barred. During 2025, $ 37 million in claims were resolved.

Reserve and Related Provision

The reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees was $ 184 million at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 and is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related provision is included in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The representations and warranties reserve represents the Corporation’s best estimate of probable incurred losses, is based on its experience in previous negotiations, and is subject to judgment, a variety of assumptions and known or unknown uncertainties. At December 31, 2025, the estimated range of possible loss in excess of the accrued representations and warranties reserve was not significant. Future representations and warranties losses may occur in excess of the amounts recorded for these exposures; however, the Corporation does not expect such amounts to be material to the Corporation's financial condition and liquidity.

Other Contingencies

In 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) issued a final rule to impose a special assessment to recover certain estimated losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The estimated losses will be recovered through quarterly special assessments collected from certain insured depository institutions, including the Corporation, and collection began during the three months ended June 30, 2024. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s accrual for its estimated share of the FDIC special assessment was $ 244 million and $ 1.7 billion. The decrease in the Corporation’s accrual as of December 31, 2025 reflects quarterly assessments paid during 2025, as well as a $ 323 million reduction in the Corporation’s estimated share of the FDIC special assessment during the second half of 2025. The final quarterly special assessment payment is scheduled for the first quarter of 2026. The FDIC retains the authority to impose a one‐time supplemental assessment should actual losses to the DIF exceed the total amount collected, or provide an offset against regular deposit insurance assessments if collections exceed actual losses to the DIF. The Corporation would recognize any such adjustment in the period in which the underlying determination is made.

Litigation and Regulatory Matters

In the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are routinely defendants in or parties to many pending and threatened legal, regulatory and governmental actions and proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal theories or involve a large number of parties, the Corporation generally cannot predict the eventual outcome of the pending matters, timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters, or eventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter.

As a matter develops, the Corporation, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter, evaluates whether such matter presents a loss contingency that is probable and estimable, and, for the matters disclosed below, whether a loss in excess of any accrued liability is reasonably possible in future periods. Once the loss contingency is deemed to be both probable and estimable, the Corporation will establish an

accrued liability and record a corresponding amount of litigation-related expense. The Corporation continues to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability that has been previously established. Excluding expenses of internal and external legal service providers, litigation and regulatory investigation-related expense of $ 422 million, $ 266 million and $ 519 million was recognized in 2025, 2024 and 2023.

For any matter disclosed in this Note for which a loss in future periods is reasonably possible and estimable (whether in excess of an accrued liability or where there is no accrued liability), the Corporation’s estimated range of possible loss is $ 0 to $ 0.5 billion in excess of the accrued liability, if any, as of December 31, 2025.

The accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss are based upon currently available information and subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions and known and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss are unpredictable and may change from time to time, and actual losses may vary significantly from the current estimate and accrual. The estimated range of possible loss does not represent the Corporation’s maximum loss exposure.

Information is provided below regarding the nature of the litigation or other contingency and, where specified, associated claimed damages. Based on current knowledge, and taking into account accrued liabilities, management does not believe that loss contingencies arising from pending matters, including the matters described below, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or liquidity of the Corporation. However, in light of the significant judgment, variety of assumptions and uncertainties involved in those matters, some of which are beyond the Corporation’s control, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some of those matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of those matters could be material to the Corporation’s business or results of operations for any particular reporting period, or cause significant reputational harm.

Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Compliance

BANA agreed to a Consent Order announced by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) on December 23, 2024, and the Corporation continues to respond to requests for information from other regulators, relating to certain aspects of its BSA/AML and Economic Sanctions Compliance Programs (Programs). Since late 2023, the Corporation has been working with regulators to make changes to its Programs and has already completed significant steps to satisfy requirements of the Consent Order. The Corporation does not believe that these issues relating to the Programs will have a material adverse financial impact on the Corporation.

Deposit Insurance Assessment

In 2017, the FDIC filed suit against BANA in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (DC District Court) alleging that BANA underpaid assessments to the DIF in the 2012-2014 time frame and asserting claims under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and for unjust enrichment. The FDIC Enforcement Section has also conducted a parallel investigation related to the same alleged underpayments. On March 31, 2025, the DC District Court granted the FDIC’s motion for summary judgment

in the amount of $ 540 million plus interest, related to assessments to the DIF. At the same time, the DC District Court granted BANA’s motion for summary judgment, finding that the FDIC is not entitled to recover with respect to assessments to the DIF totaling $ 583 million. The DC District Court denied the other claims and counterclaims in the case. On July 3, 2025, BANA paid the FDIC a total of $ 657 million which reflects the judgment and BANA’s calculation of interest, which had been previously accrued by the Corporation. The FDIC seeks an additional payment of approximately $ 255 million and additional interest that continues to accrue based on the FDIC’s methodology for calculating interest, which BANA disputes. Pending the DC District Court’s resolution, BANA has pledged security satisfactory to the FDIC with respect to the disputed amount of interest .

Fair Access to Banking

The Corporation is responding to demands and requests regarding “fair access to banking,” including those resulting from Executive Order 14331 “Guaranteeing Fair Banking for All Americans” which directed government agencies to review financial institutions’ policies and practices for providing, maintaining, or discontinuing financial products or services to certain clients or potential clients.

LIBOR

Beginning in 2011, multiple class actions were filed against the Corporation, BANA and certain Merrill Lynch entities, as well as other banks on the U.S. Dollar LIBOR panel. These actions alleged that defendants manipulated LIBOR during the financial crisis and asserted a variety of antitrust and other claims and

sought monetary and injunctive relief. The relevant cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (NY District Court) and on September 25, 2025, the NY District Court granted Defendants’ motion for summary judgment and dismissed all remaining claims against the Corporation, BANA, the Merrill Lynch entities and all other defendant banks. Plaintiffs have appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Unemployment Insurance Prepaid Cards Beginning in January 2021, BANA was named as a defendant in putative class action and mass action lawsuits related to its administration of prepaid debit cards to distribute unemployment and other state benefits, including for the State of California, which was the largest program administered by BANA as measured by total benefits and number of participants. The California lawsuits have been consolidated into a multidistrict litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California where plaintiffs assert claims for violations of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, state statutory and common law claims and due process, and seek monetary damages and injunctive relief based on allegations that BANA failed to properly investigate and remediate cardholder claims of fraudulent transactions and to prevent fraud, among other allegations. On June 16, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California (CA District Court) issued an order certifying classes of certain individuals who received California unemployment benefits via BANA prepaid debit cards. On October 17, 2025, BANA filed a motion for partial summary judgment. The motion remains pending.

sought monetary and injunctive relief. The relevant cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (NY District Court) and on September 25, 2025, the NY District Court granted Defendants’ motion for summary judgment and dismissed all remaining claims against the Corporation, BANA, the Merrill Lynch entities and all other defendant banks. Plaintiffs have appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.

Unemployment Insurance Prepaid Cards

Beginning in January 2021, BANA was named as a defendant in putative class action and mass action lawsuits related to its administration of prepaid debit cards to distribute unemployment and other state benefits, including for the State of California, which was the largest program administered by BANA as measured by total benefits and number of participants. The California lawsuits have been consolidated into a multidistrict litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California where plaintiffs assert claims for violations of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, state statutory and common law claims and due process, and seek monetary damages and injunctive relief based on allegations that BANA failed to properly investigate and remediate cardholder claims of fraudulent transactions and to prevent fraud, among other allegations.

On June 16, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California (CA District Court) issued an order certifying classes of certain individuals who received California unemployment benefits via BANA prepaid debit cards. On October 17, 2025, BANA filed a motion for partial summary judgment. The motion remains pending.

NOTE 13 Shareholders’ Equity

The cash dividends paid per share of common stock were $ 1.08 , $ 1.00 and $ 0.92 for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

The table below summarizes common stock repurchases during 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) Consists of repurchases pursuant to the Corporation’s CCAR capital plans and includes excise taxes.

During 2025, in connection with employee stock plans, the Corporation issued 86 million shares of its common stock and, to satisfy tax withholding obligations, repurchased 33 million shares of common stock. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation had reserved 586 million unissued shares of common stock for future issuances under employee stock plans, convertible notes and preferred stock.

Preferred Stock

The cash dividends declared on preferred stock were $ 1.4 billion in 2025 and $ 1.6 billion in both 2024 and 2023.

On April 29, 2025, the Corporation issued 120,000 shares of 6.625 % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series OO for $ 3.0 billion, with quarterly dividends commencing in August 2025. Series OO Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $ 25,000 per share and is subject to certain restrictions in the event the Corporation fails to declare and pay full dividends.

On July 24, 2025, the Corporation issued 100,000 shares of 6.250 % Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series UU for $ 2.5 billion, with quarterly dividends commencing

in October 2025. The Series UU Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $ 25,000 per share and is subject to certain restrictions in the event the Corporation fails to declare and pay full dividends.

During 2025, the Corporation fully redeemed Series MM and Series AA Preferred Stock at their liquidation preference values for a total of $ 2.7 billion.

All series of preferred stock in the Preferred Stock Summary table have a par value of $ 0.01 per share, are not subject to the operation of a sinking fund, have no participation rights, and with the exception of the Series L Preferred Stock, are not convertible. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series 1 through 5 Preferred Stock have general voting rights and vote together with the common stock. The holders of the other series included in the table have no general voting rights. All outstanding series of preferred stock of the Corporation have preference over the Corporation’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of the Corporation’s assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution. With the exception of the Series B, F and G Preferred Stock, if any dividend payable on these series is in arrears for three or more semi-annual or six or more quarterly dividend periods, as applicable (whether consecutive or not), the holders of these series and any other class or series of preferred stock ranking equally as to payment of dividends and upon which equivalent voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable (voting as a single class) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additional directors. These voting rights terminate when the Corporation has paid in full dividends on these series for at least two semi-annual or four quarterly dividend periods, as applicable, following the dividend arrearage.

The 7.25 % Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series L (Series L Preferred Stock) does not have early redemption/call rights. Each share of the Series L Preferred Stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into 20 shares of the Corporation’s common stock plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. The Corporation may cause some or all of the Series L Preferred Stock, at its option, at any time or from time to time, to be converted into shares of common stock at the then-applicable conversion rate if, for 20 trading days during any period of 30 consecutive trading days, the closing price of common stock exceeds 130 percent of the then-applicable conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock. If a conversion of Series L Preferred Stock occurs at the option of the holder, subsequent to a dividend record date but prior to the dividend payment date, the Corporation will still pay any accrued dividends payable.

The following table presents a summary of perpetual preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2025.

(1) For all series of preferred stock other than Series B, Series F, Series G and Series L, “Dividend per Share” means the amount of dividends per depositary share of such series.

(2) The Corporation may redeem series of preferred stock on or after the redemption date, in whole or in part, at its option, at the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. Series B and Series L Preferred Stock do not have early redemption/call rights.

(3) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.

(4) Subject to 4.00 % minimum rate per annum.

(5) The number of basis points to be added to 3-mo. Term SOFR is equal to the original basis point spread applicable to floating rate periods when the preferred stock was originally issued, plus a tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 bps relating to the transition from 3-mo. LIBOR to 3-mo. Term SOFR.

(6) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a semi-annual cash dividend, if and when declared, until the first redemption date at which time, it adjusts to a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared, thereafter.

(7) Notice of redemption was sent on February 5, 2026, with redemption to occur on March 10, 2026.

(8) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.

(9) Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,200th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.

(10) Subject to 3.00 % minimum rate per annum.

n/a = not applicable

NOTE 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

The table below presents the changes in accumulated OCI after-tax for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

The table below presents the net change in fair value recorded in accumulated OCI, net realized gains and losses reclassified into earnings and other changes for each component of OCI pre- and after-tax for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) Reclassifications of pretax debt securities, DVA and foreign currency (gains) losses are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(2) Reclassifications of pretax employee benefit plan costs are recorded in other general operating expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

NOTE 15 Earnings Per Common Share

The calculation of EPS and diluted EPS for 2025, 2024 and 2023 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of EPS, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles .

Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting net income applicable to common shareholders and average common shares issued and outstanding for the potential impact, if dilutive, of any instruments that are exercisable or convertible into common shares. As the Corporation’s Series L convertible preferred stock (Series L) was dilutive to EPS for 2025, total average dilutive common shares issued and outstanding included 62 million common shares, as the Series L was assumed to have been converted into common shares as of the beginning of 2025. In addition, for 2025, Series L preferred dividends of $ 223 million were included in net income allocated to common shareholders, as they would have been paid if the Series L was converted. For 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s Series L was antidilutive, and therefore, there was no assumed conversion of any shares.

NOTE 16 Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions

The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve), Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and FDIC (collectively, U.S. banking regulators) jointly establish regulatory capital adequacy rules, including Basel 3, for U.S. banking organizations. As a financial holding company, the

Corporation is subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the Federal Reserve. The Corporation’s banking entity affiliates are subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the OCC.

The Corporation and its primary affiliated banking entity, BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3 and are required to report regulatory risk-based capital ratios and risk-weighted assets under both the Standardized and Advanced approaches. The lower of the capital ratios under Standardized or Advanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements is used to assess capital adequacy, including under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework.

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation was also required to maintain a minimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The Corporation’s insured depository institution subsidiaries were also required to maintain a minimum SLR of 6.0 percent to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.

The following table presents capital ratios and related information in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured at December 31, 2025 and 2024 for the Corporation and BANA.

(1) As of January 1, 2025, CECL transition provision’s impact was fully phased-in. Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accounting standard on January 1, 2020.

(2) The CET1 capital regulatory minimum is the sum of the CET1 capital ratio minimum of 4.5 percent, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent, and SCB (under the Standardized approach) of 2.5 percent at December 31, 2025 and 3.2 percent at December 31, 2024. The countercyclical capital buffer was zero for both periods. The SLR regulatory minimum includes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent.

(3) Risk-based capital regulatory minimums at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 are the minimum ratios under Basel 3 including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent. The regulatory minimums for the leverage ratios as of both period ends are the percent required to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.

(4) Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.

(5) Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions.

(6) Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments and applied those changes retrospectively through cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. Under applicable bank regulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to revise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.

The capital adequacy rules issued by the U.S. banking regulators require institutions to meet the established minimums outlined in the table above. Failure to meet the minimum requirements can lead to certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation’s financial position. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation and its banking entity affiliates were well capitalized.

Other Regulatory Matters

At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $ 4.4 billion and $ 4.0 billion, and securities with a fair value of $ 13.2 billion and $ 18.3 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations. Cash and cash equivalents segregated in compliance with securities regulations are a component of restricted cash. For more information, see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash . In addition, at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had cash deposited with clearing organizations

of $ 28.3 billion and $ 21.5 billion primarily recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Bank Subsidiary Distributions

The primary sources of funds for cash distributions by the Corporation to its shareholders are capital distributions received from its bank subsidiaries, BANA and Bank of America California, N.A. In 2025, the Corporation received dividends of $ 33.6 billion from BANA. No dividends were received from Bank of America California, N.A in 2025.

The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank may declare in a calendar year without OCC approval is the subsidiary bank’s net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years . Retained net profits, as defined by the OCC, consist of net income less dividends declared during the period. In 2026, BANA can declare and pay dividends of approximately $ 6.3 billion to the Corporation plus an additional amount equal to its retained net profits for 2026 up to the date of any such dividend declaration.

NOTE 17 Employee Benefit Plans

Pension and Postretirement Plans

The Corporation sponsors a qualified noncontributory trusteed pension plan (Qualified Pension Plan), a number of noncontributory nonqualified pension plans and postretirement health and life plans that cover eligible employees. Non-U.S. pension plans sponsored by the Corporation vary based on the country and local practices.

The Qualified Pension Plan has a balance guarantee feature for account balances with participant-selected investments, applied at the time a benefit payment is made from the plan that effectively provides principal protection for participant balances transferred and certain compensation credits. The Corporation is responsible for funding any shortfall on the guarantee feature.

Benefits earned under the Qualified Pension Plan have been frozen. Thereafter, the cash balance accounts continue to earn investment credits or interest credits in accordance with the terms of the plan document.

The Corporation has an annuity contract that guarantees the payment of benefits vested under a terminated U.S. pension plan (Other Pension Plan). The Corporation, under a supplemental agreement, may be responsible for or benefit from actual experience and investment performance of the annuity assets. The Corporation made no contribution under this agreement in 2025 or 2024. Contributions may be required in the future under this agreement.

The Corporation’s noncontributory, nonqualified pension plans are unfunded and provide supplemental defined pension benefits to certain eligible employees.

In addition to retirement pension benefits, certain benefits-eligible employees may become eligible to continue participation as retirees in health care and/or life insurance plans sponsored by the Corporation. These plans are referred to as the Postretirement Health and Life Plans.

The Pension and Postretirement Plans table summarizes the changes in the fair value of plan assets, changes in the projected benefit obligation (PBO), the funded status of both the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and the PBO, and the weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for the pension plans and postretirement plans at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The estimate of the Corporation’s PBO associated with these plans considers various actuarial assumptions, including assumptions for mortality rates and discount rates. The discount rate assumptions are derived from a cash flow matching technique that utilizes rates that are based on Aa-rated corporate bonds with cash flows that match estimated benefit payments of each of the plans. The decreases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2025 resulted in an increase to the PBO of $ 225 million at December 31, 2025. The increases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2024 resulted in a decrease to the PBO of $ 767 million at December 31, 2024. Significant gains and losses related to changes in the PBO for 2025 and 2024 primarily resulted from changes in the discount rate.

(1) The measurement date for all of the above plans was December 31 of each year reported.

n/a = not applicable

The Corporation’s estimate of its contributions to be made to the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans in 2026 is $ 40 million, $ 90 million and $ 33 million, respectively. The Corporation does not expect to make a contribution to the Qualified Pension Plan in 2026. It is the policy of the Corporation to fund no less than the minimum funding amount

required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).

Pension Plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in the table below. For these plans, funding strategies vary due to legal requirements and local practices.

n/a = not applicable

The asset valuation method used to calculate the expected return on plan assets component of net periodic benefit cost for the Qualified Pension Plan recognizes 60 percent of the prior year’s market gains or losses at the next measurement date with the remaining 40 percent spread equally over the subsequent four years.

Gains and losses for all benefit plans except postretirement health care are recognized in accordance with the standard amortization provisions of the applicable accounting guidance. Net periodic postretirement health and life expense was determined using the “projected unit credit” actuarial method. For the U.S. Postretirement Health Plans, 50 percent of the unrecognized gain or loss at the beginning of the year (or at subsequent remeasurement) is recognized on a level basis during the year.

Assumed health care cost trend rates affect the postretirement benefit obligation and benefit cost reported for the Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The assumed health care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the U.S. Postretirement Health and Life Plans is 7.00 percent for 2026, reducing in steps to 5.00 percent in 2032 and later years.

The Corporation’s net periodic benefit cost (income) recognized for the plans is sensitive to the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. For the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a 25 bps decline in discount rates and expected return on assets would not have had a significant impact on the net periodic benefit cost for 2025.

Plan Assets

The Qualified Pension Plan has been established as a retirement vehicle for participants, and trusts have been established to secure benefits promised under the Qualified Pension Plan. The Corporation’s policy is to invest the trust assets in a prudent manner for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants and defraying reasonable expenses of administration. The Corporation’s investment strategy is designed to provide a total return that, over the long term, increases the ratio of assets to liabilities. The strategy attempts to maximize the investment return on assets at a level of risk deemed appropriate by the Corporation while complying with ERISA and any applicable regulations and laws. The investment strategy utilizes asset allocation as a principal determinant for establishing the risk/return profile of the assets. Asset allocation ranges are established, periodically reviewed and adjusted as funding levels and liability characteristics change. Active and passive investment managers are employed to help enhance the risk/return profile of the assets. An additional aspect of the investment strategy used to minimize risk (part of the asset allocation plan) includes matching the exposure of participant-selected investment measures.

The assets of the Non-U.S. Pension Plans are primarily attributable to a U.K. pension plan. This U.K. pension plan’s assets are invested prudently so that the benefits promised to members are provided with consideration given to the nature and the duration of the plans’ liabilities. The selected asset

allocation strategy is designed to achieve a higher return than the lowest risk strategy.

The expected rate of return on plan assets assumption was developed through analysis of historical market returns, historical asset class volatility and correlations, current market conditions, anticipated future asset allocations, the funds’ past experience and expectations on potential future market returns. The expected return on plan assets assumption is determined using the calculated market-related value for the Qualified Pension Plan and the Other Pension Plan and the fair value for the Non-U.S. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The expected return on plan assets assumption represents a long-term average view of the performance of the assets in the Qualified Pension Plan, the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, the Other Pension Plan, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a return that may or may not be achieved during any one calendar year. The Other Pension Plan is invested solely in an annuity contract, which is primarily invested in fixed-income securities structured such that asset maturities match the duration of the plan’s obligations.

The target allocations for 2026 by asset category for the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, and Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans are presented in the table below. Equity securities for the Qualified Pension Plan include common stock of the Corporation in the amounts of $ 491 million ( 2.66 percent of total plan assets) and $ 386 million ( 2.19 percent of total plan assets) at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Fair Value Measurements

For more information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methods employed by the Corporation, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements . Combined plan investment assets measured at fair value by level and in total at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized in the Fair Value Measurements table.

(1) Other investments includes insurance annuity contracts of $ 452 million and $ 432 million and other various investments of $ 38 million and $ 31 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(2) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, excludes $ 2.0 billion and $ 1.8 billion of certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy.

Level 3 Fair Value Measurements

Investments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy increased $ 19 million in 2025 to $ 479 million due to $ 5 million in positive asset returns and $ 14 million of net purchases. In 2024, level 3 investments increased $ 23 million to $ 460 million due to $ 5 million in negative asset returns and $ 28 million of net purchases. In 2023, level 3 investments increased $ 16 million to $ 437 million due to $ 4 million in positive asset returns and $ 12 million of net purchases.

Projected Benefit Payments

Benefit payments projected to be made from the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans are presented in the table below.

(1) Benefit payments expected to be made from the plan’s assets.

(2) Benefit payments expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.

(3) Benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.

Defined Contribution Plans

The Corporation maintains qualified and nonqualified defined contribution retirement plans. The Corporation recorded expense of $ 1.3 billion in both 2025 and 2024 and $ 1.2 billion in 2023 related to the qualified defined contribution plans. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, 139 million and 153 million shares of the Corporation’s common stock were held by these plans. Payments to the plans for dividends on common stock were $ 158 million, $ 165 million and $ 166 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Certain non-U.S. employees are covered under defined contribution pension plans that are separately administered in accordance with local laws.

NOTE 18 Stock-based Compensation Plans

The Corporation administers a number of equity compensation plans, with awards being granted predominantly from the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan (BACEP). Under this plan, 990 million shares of the Corporation’s common stock are authorized to be used for grants of awards.

During 2025 and 2024, the Corporation granted 107 million and 121 million RSUs to certain employees under the BACEP. These RSUs were authorized to settle predominantly in shares of common stock of the Corporation. Certain RSUs will be settled in cash or contain settlement provisions that subject these awards to variable accounting whereby compensation expense is adjusted to fair value based on changes in the share price of the Corporation’s common stock up to the settlement date. The RSUs granted in 2025 and 2024 predominantly vest over four years in one-fourth increments on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, provided that the employee remains continuously employed with the Corporation during that time, and will be expensed ratably over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures, for non-retirement eligible employees based on the grant-date fair value of the shares. Of the RSUs granted in 2025 and 2024, 38 million and 42 million do not include retirement eligibility. For all other RSUs granted to employees who are retirement eligible, they are deemed authorized as of the beginning of the year preceding the grant date when the incentive award plans are generally approved. As a result, the estimated value is expensed ratably over the year preceding the grant date. The compensation cost for the stock-based plans was $ 4.2 billion, $ 3.6 billion and $ 3.1 billion, and the related income tax benefit was $ 1.0 billion, $ 872 million and $ 733 million for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2025, there was an estimated $ 4.7 billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to certain share-based compensation awards that is expected to be recognized generally over a period of up to 4 years, with a weighted-average period of 2.5 years.

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units

The total fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units vested in 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 4.0 billion, $ 2.6 billion and $ 2.6 billion, respectively. The following table presents the status at December 31, 2025 of the share-settled restricted stock and restricted stock units and changes during 2025.

NOTE 19 Income Taxes

The Corporation pays taxes in U.S. and Non-U.S. jurisdictions based on income. The table below presents income before income tax expense disaggregated by U.S. and Non-U.S. jurisdictions for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) Income is related to the tax jurisdiction of the legal entity’s principal place of business.

The components of income tax expense for 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the table below.

Total income tax expense does not reflect the tax effects of items that are included in OCI each period. For more information, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) . Other tax effects included in OCI each period resulted in an expense of $ 1.0 billion, $ 1.5 billion and $ 892 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Income tax expense for 2025, 2024 and 2023 varied from the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to income before income taxes. The Corporation’s federal statutory tax rate was 21 percent for 2025, 2024 and 2023. A reconciliation of the expected U.S. federal income tax expense, calculated by applying the federal statutory tax rate, to the Corporation’s actual income tax expense, and the effective tax rates for 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the following table.

Tax credits originate from investments in affordable housing and renewable energy partnerships and similar entities. Increases in tax credits recognized in 2025 and 2024, compared to 2023, were primarily driven by the Corporation’s growth in the volume of investments in wind and solar renewable energy production facilities. For more information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities .

The majority (greater than 50 percent) of the state and local income taxes, net of federal income tax deduction, in the respective periods above were attributable to New York City, New York State and California in 2025; California, New York State and New York City in 2024; and New York State and New York City in 2023.

The reconciliation of the beginning unrecognized tax benefits (UTB) balance to the ending balance is presented in the table below.

(1) The sum of the positions taken during prior years differs from the $( 187 ) million, $( 99 ) million and $( 26 ) million in the Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense table due to temporary items, state items and jurisdictional offsets, as well as the inclusion of interest in the Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense table.

At December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the balance of the Corporation’s UTBs which would, if recognized, affect the Corporation’s effective tax rate was $ 415 million, $ 573 million and $ 671 million, respectively. Included in the UTB balance are some items the recognition of which would not affect the effective tax rate, such as the tax effect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state UTBs that would be offset by the tax benefit of the associated federal deduction and the portion of gross non-U.S. UTBs that would be offset by tax reductions in other jurisdictions.

The Corporation recognized an interest benefit of $ 26 million in 2025, interest benefit of $ 9 million in 2024 and interest expense of $ 35 million in 2023. At 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s accrual for interest and penalties that related to income taxes, net of taxes and remittances, was $ 72 million and $ 105 million.

The Corporation files income tax returns in more than 60 states and municipalities and more than 40 non-U.S. jurisdictions each year. The IRS and other tax authorities in countries and states in which the Corporation has significant business operations examine tax returns periodically (continuously in some jurisdictions). The table below summarizes the status of examinations by major jurisdiction for the Corporation and various subsidiaries at December 31, 2025.

(1) All tax years subsequent to the years shown remain subject to examination.

(2) Field examination for tax year 2024 to begin in 2026.

Significant components of the Corporation’s net deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in the following table.

The table below summarizes the deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances recognized for the net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards at December 31, 2025.

(1) Represents U.K. broker-dealer net operating losses that may be carried forward indefinitely.

(2) The net operating losses and related valuation allowances for U.S. states before considering the benefit of federal deductions were $ 492 million and $ 307 million.

Management concluded that no valuation allowance was necessary to reduce the deferred tax assets related to the U.K. NOL carryforwards and U.S. federal and certain state NOL carryforwards since estimated future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize these assets prior to their expiration. Additionally, the Corporation’s U.K. net deferred tax assets consist primarily of NOLs that are expected to be realized in a U.K. subsidiary over an extended number of years. Management’s conclusion is supported by financial results, profit forecasts for the relevant entity and the indefinite period to carry forward NOLs. However, a material change in those estimates could lead management to reassess such valuation allowance conclusions.

At December 31, 2025, the Corporation did not record U.S. federal income taxes on temporary differences related to certain investments in non‐U.S. subsidiaries because these investments are considered to be permanently reinvested. If a deferred tax liability had been recognized, the amount would be approximately $ 1.0 billion.

The following table summarizes cash taxes paid, net of refunds received, for jurisdictions that represented five percent or more of total income taxes paid, net of refunds received.

(1) Amounts are not required as the total for the periods presented is less than five percent of the total income taxes paid.

NOTE 20 Fair Value Measurements

Under applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Corporation determines the fair values of its financial instruments under applicable accounting standards that require an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its financial instruments into three levels based on the established fair value hierarchy and conducts a review of fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of a particular level of hierarchy occur when there is a change in the observability or unobservability of the inputs that are significant to the valuation. For more information regarding the fair value hierarchy and how the Corporation measures fair value, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. The Corporation accounts for certain financial instruments under the fair value option. For more information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option .

Valuation Techniques

The following sections outline the valuation methodologies for the Corporation’s assets and liabilities. While the Corporation believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.

During 2025, there were no significant changes to valuation approaches or techniques that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial position or results of operations.

Trading Account Assets and Liabilities and Debt Securities

The fair values of trading account assets and liabilities are primarily based on actively traded markets where prices are based on either direct market quotes or observed transactions. The fair values of debt securities are generally based on quoted market prices or market prices for similar assets. Liquidity is a significant factor in the determination of the fair values of trading account assets and liabilities and debt securities. Market price quotes may not be readily available for some positions such as positions within a market sector where trading activity has slowed significantly or ceased. Some of these instruments are valued using a discounted cash flow

model, which estimates the fair value of the securities using internal credit risk, and interest rate and prepayment risk models that incorporate management’s best estimate of current key assumptions such as default rates, loss severity and prepayment rates. Principal and interest cash flows are discounted using an observable discount rate for similar instruments with adjustments that management believes a market participant would consider in determining fair value for the specific security. Other instruments are valued using a net asset value approach that considers the value of the underlying securities. Underlying assets are valued using external pricing services, where available, or matrix pricing based on the vintages and ratings. Situations of illiquidity generally are triggered by the market’s perception of credit uncertainty regarding a single company or a specific market sector. In these instances, fair value is determined based on limited available market information and other factors, principally from reviewing the issuer’s financial statements and changes in credit ratings made by one or more rating agencies.

Derivative Assets and Liabilities

The fair values of derivative assets and liabilities traded in the OTC market are determined using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs including interest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves and volatility factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. When third-party pricing services are used, the methods and assumptions are reviewed by the Corporation. Estimation risk is greater for derivative asset and liability positions that are either option-based or have longer maturity dates where observable market inputs are less readily available, or are unobservable, in which case, quantitative-based extrapolations of rate, price or index scenarios are used in determining fair values. The fair values of derivative assets and liabilities include adjustments for market liquidity, counterparty credit quality and other instrument-specific factors, where appropriate. In addition, the Corporation incorporates within its fair value measurements of OTC derivatives a valuation adjustment to reflect the credit risk associated with the net position. Positions are netted by counterparty, and fair value for net long exposures is adjusted for counterparty credit risk while the fair value for net short exposures is adjusted for the Corporation’s own credit risk. The Corporation also incorporates FVA within its fair value measurements to include funding costs on uncollateralized derivatives and derivatives where the Corporation is not permitted to use the collateral it receives. An estimate of severity of loss is also used in the determination of fair value, primarily based on market data.

Loans and Loan Commitments

The fair values of loans and loan commitments are based on market prices, where available, or discounted cash flow analyses using market-based credit spreads of comparable debt instruments or credit derivatives of the specific borrower or comparable borrowers. Results of discounted cash flow analyses may be adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect other market conditions or the perceived credit risk of the borrower.

Mortgage Servicing Rights

The fair values of MSRs are primarily determined using an option-adjusted spread valuation approach, which factors in prepayment risk to determine the fair value of MSRs. This approach consists of projecting servicing cash flows under multiple interest rate scenarios and discounting these cash flows using risk-adjusted discount rates.

Loans Held-for-sale

The fair values of LHFS are based on quoted market prices, where available, or are determined by discounting estimated cash flows using interest rates approximating the Corporation’s current origination rates for similar loans adjusted to reflect the inherent credit risk. The borrower-specific credit risk is embedded within the market prices, where available, or is implied by considering loan performance when selecting comparables.

Short-term Borrowings and Long-term Debt

The Corporation issues structured liabilities that have coupons or repayment terms linked to the performance of debt or equity securities, interest rates, indices, currencies or commodities. The fair values of these structured liabilities are estimated using quantitative models for the combined derivative and debt portions of the notes. These models incorporate observable and, in some instances, unobservable inputs including security prices, interest rate yield curves, option volatility, currency, commodity or equity rates and correlations among these inputs. The Corporation also considers the impact of its own credit spread in determining the discount rate used to value these liabilities. The credit spread is determined by reference to observable spreads in the secondary bond market.

Securities Financing Agreements

The fair values of certain reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities borrowed transactions are determined using quantitative models, including discounted cash flow models that require the use of multiple market inputs including interest rates and spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, and volatility factors. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services.

Deposits

The fair values of deposits are determined using quantitative models, including discounted cash flow models that require the use of multiple market inputs including interest rates and spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, and volatility factors. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services. The Corporation considers the impact of its own credit spread in the valuation of these liabilities. The credit risk is determined by reference to observable credit spreads in the secondary cash market.

Asset-backed Secured Financings

The fair values of asset-backed secured financings are based on external broker bids, where available, or are determined by discounting estimated cash flows using interest rates approximating the Corporation’s current origination rates for similar loans, adjusted to reflect the inherent credit risk.

Recurring Fair Value

Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2025 and 2024, including financial instruments that the Corporation accounts for under the fair value option, are summarized in the following tables.

(1) Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.

(2) Includes securities with a fair value of $ 13.2 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading account assets also includes certain commodities inventory of $ 27 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.

(3) Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $ 946 million.

(4) Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.29 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.19 percent of total consolidated liabilities.

(1) Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.

(2) Includes securities with a fair value of $ 18.3 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading account assets also includes certain commodities inventory of $ 99 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.

(3) Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $ 972 million.

(4) Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.31 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.21 percent of total consolidated liabilities.

The following tables present a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2025, 2024 and 2023, including net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included in earnings and accumulated OCI. Transfers into Level 3 occur primarily due to decreased price observability, and

transfers out of Level 3 occur primarily due to increased price observability. Transfers occur on a regular basis for long-term debt instruments due to changes in the impact of unobservable inputs on the value of the embedded derivative in relation to the instrument as a whole.

(1) Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.

(2) Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - market making and similar activities and other income; Net derivative assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and other income ; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - other income; Loans held-for-sale - market making and similar activities and other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income; Short-term borrowings - market making and similar activities; Accrued expenses and other liabilities - other income; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.

(3) Includes unrealized gains (losses) in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments, derivatives designated in cash flow hedges and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized gains (losses) of $ 50 million and $( 104 ) million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(4) Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $ 3.8 billion and $ 3.6 billion and derivative liabilities of $ 5.1 billion and $ 5.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(5) Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.

(6) Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.

(7) Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.

(1) Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.

(2) Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - predominantly market making and similar activities; Net derivative assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and other income; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - market making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - other income; Other assets - market making and similar activities and other income primarily related to MSRs; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.

(3) Includes unrealized losses in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized losses of $ 324 million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2023.

(4) Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $ 3.4 billion and derivative liabilities of $ 5.9 billion.

(5) Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.

(6) Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.

(7) Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.

The following tables present information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.

(2) The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 155: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $ 1.9 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $ 240 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $ 935 million, AFS debt securities of $ 353 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of $ 125 million, Other assets of $ 2.1 billion, Loans and leases of $ 76 million and LHFS of $ 55 million.

(3) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.

(4) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.

(5) The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.

CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate

CDR = Constant Default Rate

MMBtu = Million British thermal units

IR = Interest Rate

FX = Foreign Exchange

n/a = not applicable

(1) For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.

(2) The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 156: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $ 1.8 billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $ 344 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $ 978 million, AFS debt securities of $ 611 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of $ 149 million, Other assets of $ 2.0 billion, Loans and leases of $ 82 million and LHFS of $ 132 million.

(3) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.

(4) Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.

(5) The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.

CPR = Constant Prepayment Rate

CDR = Constant Default Rate

MMBtu = Million British thermal units

IR = Interest Rate

FX = Foreign Exchange

n/a = not applicable

In the previous tables, instruments backed by residential and commercial real estate assets include RMBS, commercial MBS, whole loans and mortgage CDOs. Commercial loans, debt securities and other include corporate CLOs and CDOs, commercial loans and bonds, and securities backed by non-real estate assets. Structured liabilities primarily include equity-linked notes that are accounted for under the fair value option.

The Corporation uses multiple market approaches in valuing certain of its Level 3 financial instruments. For example, market comparables and discounted cash flows are used together. For a given product, such as corporate debt securities, market comparables may be used to estimate some of the unobservable inputs, and then these inputs are incorporated into a discounted cash flow model. Therefore, the balances disclosed encompass both of these techniques.

The levels of aggregation and diversity within the products disclosed in the tables result in certain ranges of inputs being wide and unevenly distributed across asset and liability categories.

Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements from Unobservable Inputs

Loans and Securities

A significant increase in market yields, default rates, loss severities or duration would have resulted in a significantly lower fair value for long positions. Short positions would have been impacted in a directionally opposite way. The impact of changes in prepayment speeds would have resulted in differing impacts depending on the seniority of the instrument and, in the case of CLOs, whether prepayments can be reinvested. A significant increase in price would have resulted in a significantly higher fair value for long positions, and short positions would have been impacted in a directionally opposite way.

Structured Liabilities and Derivatives

For credit derivatives, a significant increase in market yield, upfront points (i.e., a single upfront payment made by a

protection buyer at inception), credit spreads, default rates or loss severities would have resulted in a significantly lower fair value for protection sellers and higher fair value for protection buyers. The impact of changes in prepayment speeds would have resulted in differing impacts depending on the seniority of the instrument.

Structured credit derivatives are impacted by credit correlation. Default correlation is a parameter that describes the degree of dependence among credit default rates within a credit portfolio that underlies a credit derivative instrument. The sensitivity of this input on the fair value varies depending on the level of subordination of the tranche. For senior tranches that are net purchases of protection, a significant increase in default correlation would have resulted in a significantly higher fair value. Net short protection positions would have been impacted in a directionally opposite way.

For equity derivatives, commodity derivatives, interest rate derivatives and structured liabilities, a significant change in long-dated rates and volatilities and correlation inputs (i.e., the degree of correlation between an equity security and an index, between two different commodities, between two different interest rates, or between interest rates and foreign exchange rates) would have resulted in a significant impact to the fair value; however, the magnitude and direction of the impact depend on whether the Corporation is long or short the exposure. For structured liabilities, a significant increase in yield or decrease in price would have resulted in a significantly lower fair value.

Nonrecurring Fair Value

The Corporation holds certain assets that are measured at fair value only in certain situations (e.g., the impairment of an asset), and these measurements are referred to herein as nonrecurring. The amounts below represent assets still held as of the reporting date for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) The Level 3 balance at December 31, 2024 includes certain leveraged finance positions that were written down to fair value during 2024 and subsequently written up and sold during 2025.

(2) Includes $ 7 million, $ 8 million, and $ 10 million of losses on loans that were written down to a collateral value of zero during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

(3) Amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the carrying value of foreclosed properties that were written down subsequent to their initial classification as foreclosed properties. Losses on foreclosed properties include losses recorded during the first 90 days after transfer of a loan to foreclosed properties.

(4) Excludes $ 17 million and $ 16 million of properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans) at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

The table below presents information about significant unobservable inputs utilized in the Corporation's nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(1) The weighted average is calculated based upon the fair value of the loans.

(2) Represents residential mortgages where the loan has been written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral.

NOTE 21 Fair Value Option

Loans and Loan Commitments

The Corporation elects to account for certain loans and loan commitments that exceed the Corporation’s single-name credit risk concentration guidelines under the fair value option. Lending commitments are actively managed and, as appropriate, credit risk for these lending relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, with the Corporation’s public side credit view and market perspectives determining the size and timing of the hedging activity. These credit derivatives do not meet the requirements for designation as accounting hedges and are carried at fair value. The fair value option allows the Corporation to carry these loans and loan commitments at fair value, which is more consistent with management’s view of the underlying economics and the manner in which they are managed. In addition, the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and the credit derivatives at fair value.

Loans Held-for-sale

The Corporation elects to account for residential mortgage LHFS, commercial mortgage LHFS and certain other LHFS under the fair value option. These loans are actively managed and monitored and, as appropriate, certain market risks of the loans may be mitigated through the use of derivatives. The Corporation has elected not to designate the derivatives as qualifying accounting hedges, and therefore, they are carried at fair value. The changes in fair value of the loans are largely offset by changes in the fair value of the derivatives. The fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at the lower of cost or fair value and the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation has not elected to account for certain other LHFS under the fair value option primarily because these loans are floating-rate loans that are not hedged using derivative instruments.

Loans Reported as Trading Account Assets

The Corporation elects to account for certain loans that are held for the purpose of trading and are risk-managed on a fair value basis under the fair value option.

Other Assets

The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate margin loans that are hedged with derivatives under the fair value option. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and the derivatives at fair value.

Securities Financing Agreements

The Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements, including resale and repurchase agreements, under the fair value option. These elections include certain agreements collateralized by the U.S. government and its agencies, which are generally short-dated and have minimal interest rate risk.

Long-term Deposits

The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate and rate-linked deposits that are hedged with derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at historical cost and the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation has not elected to carry other long-term deposits at fair value because they are not hedged using derivatives.

Short-term Borrowings

The Corporation elects to account for certain short-term borrowings, primarily short-term structured liabilities, under the fair value option because this debt is risk-managed on a fair value basis.

The Corporation also elects to account for certain asset-backed secured financings, which are also classified in short-term borrowings, under the fair value option. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for the asset-backed secured financings at historical cost and the corresponding mortgage LHFS securing these financings at fair value.

Long-term Debt

The Corporation elects to account for certain long-term debt, primarily structured liabilities, under the fair value option. This long-term debt is either risk-managed on a fair value basis or the related hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting.

Fair Value Option Elections

The following tables provide information about the fair value carrying amount and the contractual principal outstanding of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and information about where changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option are included in the Consolidated Statement of Income for 2025, 2024 and 2023.

(1) A significant portion of the loans reported as trading account assets and LHFS are distressed loans that were purchased at a deep discount to par, and the remainder are loans with a fair value near contractual principal outstanding.

n/a = not applicable

(1) The gains (losses) in market making and similar activities are primarily offset by (losses) gains on trading liabilities that hedge these assets.

(2) Includes the value of IRLCs on funded loans, including those sold during the period.

(3) The net gains (losses) in market making and similar activities relate to the embedded derivatives in structured liabilities and are typically offset by (losses) gains on derivatives and securities that hedge these liabilities. For the cumulative impact of changes in the Corporation’s own credit spreads and the amount recognized in accumulated OCI, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) . For more information on how the Corporation’s own credit spread is determined, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.

(4) Includes gains (losses) on other assets, long-term deposits and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.

NOTE 22 Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Financial instruments are classified within the fair value hierarchy using the methodologies described in Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements . Certain loans, deposits, long-term debt, unfunded lending commitments and other financial instruments are accounted for under the fair value option. For more information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option . The following disclosures include financial instruments that are not carried at fair value or only a portion of the ending balance is carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Short-term Financial Instruments

The carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, certain time deposits placed and other short-term investments, federal funds sold and purchased, certain resale and repurchase agreements and short-term borrowings, approximates the fair value of these instruments. These financial instruments generally expose the Corporation to limited credit risk and have no stated maturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate

market. The Corporation accounts for certain resale and repurchase agreements under the fair value option.

Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1. Time deposits placed and other short-term investments, such as U.S. government securities and short-term commercial paper, are classified as Level 1 or Level 2. Federal funds sold and purchased are classified as Level 2. Resale and repurchase agreements are classified as Level 2 because they are generally short-dated and/or variable-rate instruments collateralized by U.S. government or agency securities. Short-term borrowings are generally classified as Level 2.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of certain financial instruments where only a portion of the ending balance was carried at fair value at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in the table below.

(1) Includes demand deposits of $ 1.1 trillion and $ 892.9 billion with no stated maturities at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

(2) The carrying value of commercial unfunded lending commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Corporation does not estimate the fair value of consumer unfunded lending commitments because, in many instances, the Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing notice to the borrower. For more information on commitments, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies .

NOTE 23 Business Segment Information

The Corporation reports its results of operations through the following four business segments: Consumer Banking , GWIM, Global Banking and Global Markets , with the remaining operations recorded in All Other . The segments are managed by the Corporation’s Management Team, with certain leaders responsible for each segment and/or the lines of business supporting the segments. On a continual basis, the Management Team assesses the performance of the segments by comparing the segments’ budgeted income and expenses to their actual results. The Chief Operating Decision Maker of the segments, which is the Corporation’s CEO, is the final approver on the amount of capital to allocate to each segment.

Consumer Banking

Consumer Banking offers a diversified range of credit, banking and investment products and services to consumers and small businesses. Consumer Banking product offerings include traditional savings accounts, money market savings accounts, CDs and IRAs, checking accounts, and investment accounts and products, as well as credit and debit cards, residential mortgages and home equity loans, and direct and indirect loans to consumers and small businesses in the U.S. Consumer Banking includes the impact of servicing residential mortgages and home equity loans.

Global Wealth & Investment Management

GWIM provides a high-touch client experience through a network of financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in total investable assets, including tailored solutions to meet clients’ needs through a full set of investment management, brokerage, banking and retirement products. GWIM also provides comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients, as well as customized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, investment management, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset management services.

Global Banking

Global Banking provides a wide range of lending-related products and services, integrated working capital management and treasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services through the Corporation’s network of offices and client relationship teams. Global Banking also provides investment banking products to clients. The economics of certain investment banking and underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Banking and Global Markets under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Banking clients generally include middle-market companies, commercial real estate firms, not-for-profit companies, large global corporations, financial institutions, leasing clients, and mid-sized U.S.-based businesses requiring customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.

Global Markets

Global Markets offers sales and trading services and research services to institutional clients across fixed-income, credit, currency, commodity and equity businesses. Global Markets provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement and custody services globally to institutional investor clients in support of their investing and trading activities. Global Markets product coverage includes securities and derivative products in both the primary and secondary markets. Global Markets also works with commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management products. As a result of market-making activities, Global Markets may be required to manage risk in a broad range of financial products. In addition, the economics of certain investment banking and underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Markets and Global Banking under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement.

All Other

All Other primarily consists of ALM activities, liquidating businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment, and adjustments to allocate income tax benefits related to tax-related equity investments to noninterest income to present Global Banking and Global Markets on an FTE basis.

Basis of Presentation

The management accounting and reporting process derives segment and business results by utilizing allocation methodologies for revenue and expense. The net income derived for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost allocations based on application usage, transaction and volume activity, time studies, and other methodologies and assumptions management believes are appropriate to reflect the results of the business.

Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest income on an FTE basis and noninterest income. The adjustment of net interest income to an FTE basis results in a corresponding increase in income tax expense. The segment results also reflect certain revenue and expense methodologies that are utilized to determine net income. The net interest income of the businesses includes the results of a funds transfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest rate sensitivity and maturity characteristics. In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, the Corporation allocates assets to match liabilities. Net interest income of the business segments also includes an allocation of net interest income generated by certain of the Corporation’s ALM activities.

The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest rate risk management strategy that incorporates the use of

various derivatives and cash instruments to manage fluctuations in earnings and capital that are caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not adversely affect earnings and capital. The results of a majority of the Corporation’s ALM activities are allocated to the business segments and fluctuate based on the performance of the ALM activities. ALM activities include external product pricing decisions including deposit pricing strategies, the effects of the Corporation’s internal funds transfer pricing process and the net effects of other ALM activities.

The segment noninterest expenses consist of the same expenses as those shown in the Consolidated Statement of Income and contain both direct expenses and certain expenses not directly attributable to a specific business segment, including indirect compensation and benefits expenses, that are allocated to the segments. The costs of certain centralized or shared functions are allocated based on methodologies that reflect utilization.

The following table presents net income (loss) and the components thereto (with net interest income on an FTE basis for the business segments, All Other and the total Corporation) for 2025, 2024 and 2023, and total assets at December 31, 2025 and 2024 for each business segment, as well as All Other.

(1) Segment results are presented on an FTE basis and include additional net interest income and income tax expense, related to tax-exempt securities, of $ 609 million, $ 619 million and $ 567 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as compared to the Consolidated Statement of Income.

(2) There were no material intersegment revenues.

(3) Represents the compensation and benefits directly incurred by each segment. Corporate overhead compensation and benefits are allocated to the segments through other noninterest expense.

(4) Prior periods have been revised to reflect realignment of certain headcount between segments.

The table below presents noninterest income and the associated components for 2025, 2024 and 2023, for each business segment, All Other and the total Corporation. For more information, see Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income .

NOTE 24 Parent Company Information

The following tables present the Parent Company-only financial information.

NOTE 25 Performance by Geographical Area

The Corporation’s operations are highly integrated with operations in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. The non-U.S. business activities are largely conducted in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and in Asia. The Corporation identifies its geographic performance based on the business unit structure used to manage the capital or expense deployed in the region

as applicable. This requires certain judgments related to the allocation of revenue so that revenue can be appropriately matched with the related capital or expense deployed in the region. Certain asset, liability, income and expense amounts have been allocated to arrive at total assets, total revenue, net of interest expense, income before income taxes and net income by geographic area as presented below.

(1) Total assets include long-lived assets, which are primarily located in the U.S.

(2) There were no material intercompany revenues between geographic regions for any of the periods presented.

(3) Substantially reflects the U.S.

Glossary

Alt-A Mortgage – A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered riskier than A-paper, or “prime,” and less risky than “subprime,” the riskiest category. Typically, Alt-A mortgages are characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation, lower credit scores and higher LTVs.

Assets Under Management (AUM) – The total market value of assets under the investment advisory and/or discretion of GWIM which generate asset management fees based on a percentage of the assets’ market values. AUM reflects assets that are generally managed for institutional, high net worth and retail clients, and are distributed through various investment products including mutual funds, other commingled vehicles and separate accounts.

Banking Book – All on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments of the Corporation except for those positions that are held for trading purposes.

Brokerage and Other Assets – Non-discretionary client assets which are held in brokerage accounts or held for safekeeping.

Committed Credit Exposure – Any funded portion of a facility plus the unfunded portion of a facility on which the lender is legally bound to advance funds during a specified period under prescribed conditions.

Credit Derivatives – Contractual agreements that provide protection against a specified credit event on one or more referenced obligations.

Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to properly reflect the counterparty credit risk exposure as part of the fair value of derivative instruments.

Debit Valuation Adjustment (DVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to properly reflect the Corporation’s own credit risk exposure as part of the fair value of derivative instruments and/or structured liabilities.

Funding Valuation Adjustment (FVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to include funding costs on uncollateralized derivatives and derivatives where the Corporation is not permitted to use the collateral it receives.

Interest Rate Lock Commitment (IRLC) – Commitment with a loan applicant in which the loan terms are guaranteed for a designated period of time subject to credit approval.

Letter of Credit – A document issued on behalf of a customer to a third party promising to pay the third party upon presentation of specified documents. A letter of credit effectively substitutes the issuer’s credit for that of the customer.

Loan-to-value (LTV) – A commonly used credit quality metric. LTV is calculated as the outstanding carrying value of the loan divided by the estimated value of the property securing the loan.

Macro Products – Include currencies, interest rates and commodities products.

Margin Receivable – An extension of credit secured by eligible securities in certain brokerage accounts.

Matched Book – Repurchase and resale agreements or securities borrowed and loaned transactions where the overall asset and liability position is similar in size and/or maturity. Generally, these are entered into to accommodate customers where the Corporation earns the interest rate spread.

Mortgage Servicing Right (MSR) – The right to service a mortgage loan when the underlying loan is sold or securitized. Servicing includes collections for principal, interest and escrow payments from borrowers and accounting for and remitting principal and interest payments to investors.

Nonperforming Loans and Leases – Includes loans and leases that have been placed on nonaccrual status, including nonaccruing loans whose contractual terms have been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties.

Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) – A framework established by the U.S. banking regulators requiring banks to maintain certain levels of regulatory capital ratios, comprised of five categories of capitalization: “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” and “critically undercapitalized.” Insured depository institutions that fail to meet certain of these capital levels are subject to increasingly strict limits on their activities, including their ability to make capital distributions, pay management compensation, grow assets and take other actions.

Subprime Loans – Although a standard industry definition for subprime loans (including subprime mortgage loans) does not exist, the Corporation defines subprime loans as specific product offerings for higher risk borrowers.

Value-at-Risk (VaR) – VaR is a model that simulates the value of a portfolio under a range of hypothetical scenarios in order to generate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with a given confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of potential gains and losses on our trading portfolios.

Key Metrics

Active Digital Banking Users – Mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.

Active Mobile Banking Users – Mobile active users over the past 90 days.

Book Value – Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending common shares outstanding.

Common Equity Ratio - Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending total assets.

Deposit Spread – Annualized net interest income divided by average deposits.

Dividend Payout Ratio – Common dividends declared divided by net income applicable to common shareholders.

Efficiency Ratio – Noninterest expense divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.

Gross Interest Yield – Effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.

Net Interest Yield – Net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.

Operating Margin – Income before income taxes divided by total revenue, net of interest expense.

Return on Average Allocated Capital – Adjusted net income divided by allocated capital.

Return on Average Assets – Net income divided by total average assets.

Return on Average Common Shareholders ’ Equity – Net income applicable to common shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity.

Return on Average Shareholders ’ Equity – Net income divided by average shareholders’ equity.

Risk-adjusted Margi n – Difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net charge-offs divided by average loans.

Acronyms

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), Bank of America’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, Bank of America’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Bank of America’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report.

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth on page 88 and incorporated herein by reference. The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm with respect to the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is set forth on pages 89 and 90 and incorporated herein by reference.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2025, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

Trading Arrangements

During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2025, none of the Corporation’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of the Corporation’s securities.

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure may be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. As previously disclosed in its related quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, the Corporation identified and reported certain activities pursuant to Section 13(r) for the first, second and third quarters of 2025. The information provided pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act in Item 5 of the quarters ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 is hereby incorporated by reference to such reports. Except as set forth below, as of the

date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Corporation is not aware of any other activity, transaction or dealing by any of its affiliates during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that requires disclosure under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act.

During the fourth quarter of 2025, Bank of America, National Association (BANA), a U.S. subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation, processed one authorized wire payment totaling $3,254 pursuant to a general license issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) regarding certain activities in support of nongovernmental organizations. This payment was processed to a beneficiary bank subject to Executive Order 13224. There was no measurable gross revenue or net profit to the Corporation relating to these transactions, except nominal fees received by BANA for processing payments. The Corporation may in the future engage in similar transactions for its clients to the extent permitted by U.S. law.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

Part III

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information about our Executive Officers

The name, age, position and office, and business experience of our current executive officers are:

Dean C. Athanasia (59) Co-President since September 2025; President, Regional Banking from October 2021 to September 2025; President, Retail and Preferred & Small Business Banking from January 2019 to October 2021 ; Co-Head -- Consumer Banking from September 2014 to January 2019; and Preferred and Small Business Banking Executive from April 2011 to September 2014.

Alastair M. Borthwick (57) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since September 2025; Chief Financial Officer from November 2021 to September 2025; President of Global Commercial Banking from October 2012 to October 2021.

Sheri Bronstein (57) Chief People Officer since March 2025; Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2019 to March 2025; Global Human Resources Executive from July 2015 to January 2019; and HR Executive for Global Banking & Markets from March 2010 to July 2015.

James P. DeMare (56) Co-President since September 2025; President, Global Markets from September 2020 to September 2025; Global Co-Head of FICC Trading and Commercial Real Estate Banking from February 2015 to September 2020.

Hari Gopalkrishnan (57) Chief Technology and Information Officer since August 2025; Chief Information Officer for Consumer, Business & Wealth Management Technology from July 2023 to August 2025; Chief Information Officer for Retail, Preferred, Small Business, and Wealth Management Technology from September 2021 to July 2023; Head of Client Facing & Operations Technology Executive from July 2021 to September 2021; Head of Client Facing Platforms Technology from April 2015 to July 2021; Head of Consumer & Wealth Management eCommerce Tech & Consumer Banking Architecture & Strategy from September 2011 to April 2015.

Geoffrey S. Greener (61) Chief Risk Officer since April 2014; Head of Enterprise Capital Management from April 2011 to April 2014.

Bernard A. Mensah (57) President, International, CEO of Merrill Lynch International (MLI), BANA London Branch Head since August 2020. President of UK and Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, CEO of MLI, BANA London Branch and Co-Head of Global Fixed Income Currency and Commodities (FICC) Trading from September 2019 to August 2020; Co-Head of Global FICC Trading from March 2015 to September 2019.

Lauren A. Mogensen (63) Global General Counsel since November 2021; Head of Global Compliance & Operational Risk, and Reputational Risk from December 2013 to October 2021.

Brian T. Moynihan (66) Chair of the Board since October 2014, and Chief Executive Officer, and member of the Board of Directors since January 2010. President, January 2010 to September 2025.

Thong M. Nguyen (67) Vice Chair, Head of Global Strategy & Enterprise Platforms since October 2021; Vice Chairman from January 2019 to October 2021; Co-Head -- Consumer Banking from September 2014 to January 2019; Retail Banking Executive from April 2014 to September 2014; and Retail Strategy, and Operations & Digital Banking Executive from September 2012 to April 2014.

Thomas M. Scrivener (54) Chief Operations Executive since October 2021; Head of Consumer, Small Business & Wealth Management Operations from October 2019 to October 2021; Global Real Estate and Enterprise Initiatives Executive from September 2018 to October 2019; Enterprise Scenario Planning and Execution Executive from May 2016 to September 2018; Enterprise Stress Testing, Recovery & Resolution Planning Executive from June 2014 to March 2016.

Bruce R. Thompson (61) Vice Chair , Head of Enterprise Credit since October 2021; Vice Chairman, Head of Institutional Credit Exposure Management (from December 2020) and Wholesale Credit Underwriting and Monitoring (from May 2021) to October 2021; Vice Chairman, President of the EU & Switzerland and

CEO of Bank of America Europe DAC from May 2018 to December 2020; Vice Chairman of Bank of America Corporation from March 2016 to May 2018; Managing Director from July 2015 to March 2016; Chief Financial Officer from July 2011 to July 2015.

Information included under the following captions in the Corporation’s proxy statement relating to its 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2026 Proxy Statement) is incorporated herein by reference:

● “Proposal 1: Electing directors – Our director nominees;”

● “Corporate governance – Additional corporate governance information;”

● “Corporate governance – Committees and membership;” and

● “Corporate governance – Board meetings and attendance.”

● “Stock ownership of directors, executive officers, and certain beneficial owners - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”

The Corporation has an insider trading policy (Insider Trading Policy) that governs the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers, employees and the Corporation itself. We believe the Insider Trading Policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of the Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 to the Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2025).

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information included under the following captions in the 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference:

● “Compensation discussion and analysis;”

● “Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report;”

● “Executive compensation;”

● “CEO pay ratio;”

● “Corporate governance;” and

● “Director compensation.”

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information included under the following caption in the 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference:

● “Stock ownership of directors, executive officers, and certain beneficial owners.”

The table below presents information on equity compensation plans at December 31, 2025:

(1) This table does not include 385,927 vested restricted stock units (RSUs) and stock option gain deferrals at December 31, 2025 that were assumed by the Corporation in connection with prior acquisitions under whose plans the awards were originally granted.

(2) Consists of outstanding RSUs. Includes 5,546,991 vested RSUs subject to a required post-vest holding period.

(3) RSUs do not have an exercise price and are delivered without any payment or consideration.

(4) Amount represents shares of common stock available for future issuance under the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information included under the following captions in the 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference:

● “Related person and certain other transactions;” and

● “Corporate governance – Director independence.”

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Information included under the following caption in the 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference:

● “Proposal 3: Ratifying the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026.”

Part IV

Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

(1) Financial Statements:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 )

Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023

Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2025 and 2024

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(2) Schedules:

None

(3) Index to Exhibits

With the exception of the information expressly incorporated herein by reference, the 2026 Proxy Statement shall not be deemed filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(1) Filed Herewith.

(2) Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

(3) As permitted by Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted from the publicly filed document.

(4) Furnished herewith. This exhibit shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such exhibit shall not be deemed incorporated into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(5) The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: February 25, 2026

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
