ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Share Data

Our ordinary shares have traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ‘WTW’ since January 10, 2022. As of February 23, 2026, there were 912 shareholders of record of our ordinary shares, not including those ordinary shares held in street or nominee name.

Dividends

We normally pay dividends on a quarterly basis to shareholders of record on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. In February 2026, the board of directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.96 per share ($3.84 per share annualized rate), which will be paid on or around April 15, 2026 to shareholders of record as of March 31, 2026.

There are no governmental laws, decrees or regulations in Ireland that restrict the remittance of dividends or other payments to non-resident holders of the Company’s shares.

In circumstances where one of Ireland’s many exemptions from dividend withholding tax (‘DWT’) does not apply, dividends paid by the Company will be subject to Irish DWT (currently 20 percent). Residents of the United States should be exempt from Irish DWT provided relevant documentation supporting the exemption has been put in place. While the U.S.-Ireland Double Tax Treaty contains provisions reducing the rate of Irish DWT in prescribed circumstances, it should generally be unnecessary for U.S. residents to rely on the provisions of this treaty due to the wide scope of exemptions from Irish DWT available under Irish domestic law. Irish income tax may also arise in respect of dividends paid by the Company. However, U.S. residents entitled to an exemption from Irish DWT generally have no Irish income tax liability on dividends.

With respect to non-corporate U.S. shareholders, certain dividends from a qualified foreign corporation may be subject to reduced rates of taxation. A foreign corporation is treated as a qualified foreign corporation with respect to dividends received from that corporation on shares that are readily tradeable on an established securities market in the United States, such as our shares. Non-corporate U.S. shareholders that do not meet a minimum holding period requirement for our shares during which they are not protected from the risk of loss or that elect to treat the dividend income as investment income pursuant to section 163(d)(4) of the Code will not be eligible for the reduced rates of taxation regardless of our status as a qualified foreign corporation. In addition, the rate reduction will not apply to dividends if the recipient of a dividend is obligated to make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. This disallowance applies even if the minimum holding period has been met. U.S. shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules given their particular circumstances.

Performance Graph

Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Shareholder Return

The graph below depicts cumulative total shareholder returns for WTW for the period from December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2025.

The graph also depicts the total return for the S&P 500 and for a peer group for WTW comprised of Aon plc, Arch Capital Group Ltd., Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Automatic Data Processing, Inc., Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation, Brown & Brown Inc., Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, Fidelity National Financial, Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., First American Financial Corporation, Fiserv, Inc., Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., Principal Financial Group, Inc., Robert Half International Inc., S&P Global Inc., and Unum Group. The graph charts the performance of $100 invested on the initial date indicated, December 31, 2020, assuming full dividend reinvestment.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

During the year ended December 31, 2025, no shares were issued by the Company without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

The Company is authorized to repurchase shares, by way of redemption, and will consider whether to do so from time to time, based on many factors, including market conditions.

There are no expiration dates for these repurchase plans or programs. The following table presents specified information about the Company’s repurchases of ordinary shares in the fourth quarter and the Company’s repurchase authority.

The board of directors has authorized the current open-ended repurchase program for a total of up to $11.7 billion, which was most recently increased by $1.5 billion on September 16, 2025. At December 31, 2025, the maximum number of shares that may be purchased under the existing stock repurchase program is 3,931,099, with approximately $1.3 billion remaining on the current open-ended repurchase authority granted by the board. An estimate of the maximum number of shares under the existing authorities was determined using the closing price of our ordinary shares on December 31, 2025 of $328.60.

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

For information on our securities authorized for issuance under our existing equity compensation plans, see ‘Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans’ in our year-end 2025 proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in the first half of 2026.

ITEM 6. [ Reserved]
