ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information for Common Stock

Our Class A common stock has been listed and traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “CRWD” since June 12, 2019. Prior to that date, there was no public market for our Class A common stock. There is no public market for our Class B common stock. On December 11, 2024, all of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Holders of Record

As of January 31, 2025, we had 95 holders of record of our Class A common stock and zero holders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not expect to pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends is limited by restrictions on our ability to pay dividends or make distributions under the terms of our credit facility. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by this item with respect to our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

(a) Sale of Unregistered Equity Securities

On November 20, 2024, we issued approximately $22.8 million of shares of our Class A common stock, subject to service-based vesting and other conditions, to certain stockholders of Adaptive Shield in connection with our acquisition of Adaptive Shield. The transaction was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

(b) Use of Proceeds from Public Offering of Common Stock

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

None.

Stock Performance Graph

This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

We have presented below the cumulative total return to our stockholders for the five years ended January 31, 2025 in comparison to the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, Standard & Poor Information Technology Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index. All values assume a $100 initial investment and data for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, Standard & Poor Information Technology Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index assume reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our common stock.

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
