ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income (loss), of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue Recognition – Subscription Revenue

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, subscription revenues are primarily comprised of fees that give customers access to the ordered service, related support and updates, if any, during the subscription term. The Company initially records the subscription fees as deferred revenue and recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement. The Company recognized consolidated subscription revenue of $3,761.5 million for the year ended January 31, 2025.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for subscription revenue is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures relating to the Company’s subscription revenue recognition.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the subscription revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing subscription revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as agreements, evidence of delivery of the service, invoices, and receipt of payment and (ii) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of January 31, 2025 and, for confirmations not returned, obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as agreements, evidence of delivery of the service, invoices, and subsequent receipt of payment.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California

March 10, 2025

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

(in thousands, except per share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Operations

(in thousands, except per share data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)

(in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity

(in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies

Business

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. (and/or its subsidiaries, as applicable, the “Company”) was formed on November 7, 2011. The Company is a global cybersecurity leader that delivers cybersecurity’s AI-native platform for the XDR era, purpose-built to stop breaches. The Company’s unified platform provides cloud-delivered protection of endpoints, cloud workloads, identity, and data via a software as a service (“SaaS”) subscription-based model that spans multiple large security markets, including corporate endpoint security, security and IT operations, managed security services, next-gen SIEM, cloud security, identity protection, threat intelligence, data protection, exposure management and cybersecurity generative AI. The Company conducts its business in the United States, as well as locations internationally, including in Australia, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Romania, and the United Kingdom.

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”). Certain prior year information has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on previously reported results of operations or accumulated deficit.

Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates are based on information available as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. On a regular basis, management evaluates these estimates and assumptions. Actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Estimates and assumptions used by management include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, the allowance for credit losses, the useful lives of long-lived assets, the fair values of strategic investments, the period of benefit for deferred contract acquisition costs, the discount rate used for operating leases, the recognition and disclosure of contingent liabilities, income taxes, stock-based compensation, and the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations.

Concentration of Credit Risk and Geographic Information

The Company generates revenue from the sale of subscriptions to access its cloud platform and professional services. The Company’s sales team, along with its channel partner network of system integrators and value-added resellers (collectively, “channel partners”), sells the Company’s services worldwide to organizations of all sizes.

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable, financing receivables, and strategic investments. The Company’s cash is placed with high-credit-quality financial institutions and issuers, and at times exceeds federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any credit loss relating to its cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, or strategic investments. The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral.

There were no channel partners or direct customers who represented 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024.

There were two end users who represented 10% or more of the Company’s financing receivables as of January 31, 2025 representing 41 % and 37 %, respectively.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

There were no channel partners or direct customers who represented 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, short-term investments, strategic investments, accounts receivable, financing receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, the Senior Notes, and investments for the Company’s deferred compensation plan. The carrying values of cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, financing receivables, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value. If these financial instruments were measured at fair value in the consolidated financial statements, money market funds, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and investments for the Company’s deferred compensation plan would be classified as Level 1, U.S. treasury securities included in cash equivalents and short-term investments would be classified as Level 2, and financing receivables would be classified as Level 3. The Senior Notes are carried at the initially allocated liability value less unamortized debt discount and issuance costs on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company discloses the fair value of the Senior Notes at each reporting period for disclosure purposes only. The Company's investments related to the deferred compensation plan are invested within a Rabbi Trust. Participants in the deferred compensation plan may select the securities in which their compensation deferrals are invested within the confines of the Rabbi Trust. These securities are marked-to-market each reporting period. Refer to Note 2, Investments and Fair Value Measurements, regarding the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments, and Note 5, Debt, for the fair value of the Company’s Senior Notes.

Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are mainly comprised of money market funds, U.S. Treasury bills, and time deposits. The Company had $ 4.0 billion and $ 3.1 billion of cash equivalents as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

Short-term investments consist of U.S. Treasury bills and time deposits with original maturities greater than three months but less than one year. The Company had no short-term investments as of January 31, 2025, and $ 99.6 million of short-term investments as of January 31, 2024. The Company classifies investments in U.S. Treasury bills as available-for-sale securities at the time of purchase and re-evaluates the designations as of each balance sheet date. The Company classifies its available-for-sale securities as short-term investments based on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. Available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, if any, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses are recorded in other income, net, for declines in fair value below the cost of an individual investment that is deemed to be other-than-temporary. The Company did not identify any available-for-sale securities as other-than-temporarily impaired as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined based on a specific identification method and are recorded in other income, net.

Accounts Receivable

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and are non-interest bearing. Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value, net of the allowance for credit losses. The Company has a well-established collections history from its customers. Credit is extended to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. The Company generally does not require collateral from its customers; however, the Company may require payment prior to commencing service in certain instances to limit credit risk. The Company regularly reviews the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses by considering various factors including the age of each outstanding invoice, each customer’s expected ability to pay, historical loss rates, and expectations of forward-looking loss estimates to determine whether the allowance is appropriate. Amounts deemed uncollectible are written off against the allowance for credit losses.

Financing Receivables

The Company provides financing arrangements for certain qualified end-users to purchase its products and services. Payment terms on these financing arrangements are generally up to five years . Financing receivables are recorded at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. Financing receivables, with contractual maturities of one year or less, are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, while those with contractual terms exceeding one year are included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company evaluates the allowance for credit losses by assessing the risks and losses inherent in the financing receivables on either an individual or a collective basis. The Company's assessment considers various factors, including lifetime expected losses determined using customer risk profile, current economic conditions that may affect a customer's ability to pay, and forward-looking economic considerations. Financing receivables deemed uncollectible are charged against the allowance for credit losses.

The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposure is estimated at each reporting period based on the contractual period over which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The portion of the allowance for credit losses related to future disbursements is shown as a liability on the consolidated balance sheets, and the related expense for credit losses is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.

Strategic Investments

In July 2019, the Company agreed to commit up to $ 10.0 million to a newly formed entity, CrowdStrike Falcon Fund LLC (the “Original Falcon Fund”) in exchange for 50 % of the sharing percentage of any distributions by the Original Falcon Fund. In December 2021, the Company agreed to commit an additional $ 50.0 million to a newly formed entity, CrowdStrike Falcon Fund II LLC (“Falcon Fund II”) in exchange for 50 % of the sharing percentage of any distributions by Falcon Fund II. Further, entities associated with Accel also agreed to commit up to $ 10.0 million and $ 50.0 million, respectively, to the Original Falcon Fund and Falcon Fund II (collectively, the “Falcon Funds”), and collectively own the remaining 50 % of the sharing percentage of the Falcon Funds. Both Falcon Funds are in the business of purchasing, selling, and investing in minority equity and convertible debt securities of privately-held companies that develop applications that have potential for substantial contribution to CrowdStrike and its platform. The Company is the manager of the Falcon Funds and controls the investment decisions and day-to-day operations and accordingly has consolidated each of the Falcon Funds. Each Falcon Fund has a duration of ten years and may be extended for three additional years. At dissolution, the Falcon Funds will be liquidated, and the remaining assets will be distributed to the investors based on their respective sharing percentage.

The Company elected the measurement alternative for the non-marketable equity investments of the Falcon Funds where eligible. Under the measurement alternative, the non-marketable equity investments are measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments resulting from price changes from observable transactions of identical or similar securities of the same issuer. All gains and losses on strategic investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net. Strategic investments are classified within Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as these investments do not have readily determinable market values. The carrying amount of strategic investments is adjusted based on observable price changes from observable transactions of identical or similar securities of the same issuer and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations of the investments, or by impairments when identified events and circumstances indicate a decline in value has occurred. The Company classifies the investments in the Falcon Funds as a non-current asset called strategic investments on the consolidated balance sheets.

Business Combinations

The Company allocates the purchase price of acquired companies to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions with respect to intangible assets. Although the Company believes the assumptions and estimates it has made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience, market conditions, and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of judgments used to estimate the fair value of intangibles assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, expected customer attrition rates, estimated obsolescence rates, and discount rates. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

The Company evaluates and tests goodwill for impairment at least annually, on January 31, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. A qualitative assessment is performed to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of its one reporting unit is less than its carrying value. In assessing the qualitative factors, the Company considers the impact of certain key factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, management turnover, changes in regulation, litigation matters, changes in enterprise value, and overall financial performance. If the Company determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of its one reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is performed by estimating the fair value of its reporting unit, including goodwill, and comparing it to its carrying value. If the fair value is lower than the carrying value, the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. No impairment losses were recorded during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, or January 31, 2023. See Note 4, Balance Sheet Components, and Note 12, Acquisitions, to the consolidated financial statements for more information.

Acquired intangible assets mainly consisting of developed technology, customer relationships, intellectual property and other acquired intangible assets are stated at fair value at the acquisition date and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic lives, which are generally one to 20 years. The Company reviews the carrying amounts of intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. The impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. No impairment indicators were identified by the Company, and no impairment losses were recorded by the Company during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023.

Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net, is stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

Expenditures for routine maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expense as incurred. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives.

The Company reviews for impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. Events and changes in circumstances considered by the Company in determining whether the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable, include, but are not limited to, significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in the use of the assets, significant negative industry or economic trends, and changes in the Company’s business strategy. Impairment testing is performed at an asset level that represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (an “asset group”). An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (or asset group) and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. No impairment indicators were identified by the Company, and no impairment losses were recorded by the Company during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Capitalized Internal-Use Software and Website Development Costs

The Company capitalizes certain development costs incurred in connection with its internal-use software and website development. These capitalized costs are primarily related to the Company’s cybersecurity platform, as well as redefining, redesigning, and rebuilding crowdstrike.com. Costs incurred in the preliminary stages of development are expensed as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage, internal and external costs, if direct, are capitalized until the internal-use software and website are substantially complete and ready for their intended use. The Company contracts with third party information technology providers for various service arrangements including software, platform, and information technology infrastructure. The Company capitalizes the implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software in such arrangements, which are recorded as part of property and equipment, net in the consolidated balance sheets. All capitalized implementation costs are amortized over the term of the arrangement, which includes reasonably certain renewals. Costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation stages are expensed as the activities are performed.

Capitalization ceases upon completion of all substantial testing. The Company also capitalizes costs related to specific upgrades and enhancements when it is probable the expenditures will result in additional functionality. Capitalized costs are recorded as property and equipment, net. Maintenance and training costs are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software and website development costs are amortized to cost of revenue on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of three years . Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets.

Deferred Contract Acquisition Costs

Under ASC 340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs - Contracts with Customers, the Company capitalizes contract acquisition costs that are incremental to the acquisition of customer contracts. Contract acquisition costs are accrued and capitalized upon execution of the sales contract by the customer. Sales commissions for renewal of a contract are not considered commensurate with the commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial contract or follow-on upsell given the substantive difference in commission rates in proportion to their respective contract values. Commissions, including referral fees paid to referral partners, earned upon the initial acquisition of a contract or subsequent upsell are amortized over an estimated period of benefit of four years , while commissions earned for renewal contracts are amortized over the contractual term of the renewals. Sales commissions associated with professional service contracts are amortized ratably over an estimated period of benefit of five months .

Deferred Revenue

The deferred revenue balance consists of subscription and professional services, which have been invoiced upfront, and are recognized as revenue only when the revenue recognition criteria are met. The Company’s subscription contracts are typically invoiced to its customers at the beginning of the term, or in some instances, such as in multi-year arrangements, in installments. Professional services are invoiced upfront, invoiced in installments, or invoiced as the services are performed. Accordingly, the Company’s deferred revenue balance does not include revenue for future years of multi-year non-cancellable contracts that have not yet been billed.

The Company recognizes subscription revenue ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, the date that services are made available to customers. The Company recognizes professional services revenue as services are delivered. Once services are available to customers, the Company records amounts due in accounts receivable and in deferred revenue. To the extent the Company bills customers in advance of the contract commencement date, the accounts receivable and corresponding deferred revenue amounts are netted to zero on the consolidated balance sheets, unless such amounts have been paid as of the balance sheet date.

Revenue Recognition

In accordance with ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration that the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for these services. To achieve the core principle of this standard, the Company applies the following five steps:

(1) Identify the contract with a customer

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company considers the terms and conditions of contracts with customers and its customary business practices in identifying contracts under ASC 606. The Company determines it has a contract with a customer when the contract is approved, each party’s rights regarding the services to be transferred can be identified, payment terms for the services can be identified, it has been determined that the customer has the ability and intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance. The Company applies judgment in determining the customer’s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer’s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer.

(2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract

Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from the Company or from third parties, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. The Company’s performance obligations consist of (i) subscriptions and (ii) professional services.

(3) Determine the transaction price

The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company is expected to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. None of the Company’s contracts contain a significant financing component.

(4) Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract

If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price (“SSP”).

(5) Recognize revenue when or as performance obligations are satisfied

Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised service to the customer. Revenue is recognized when control of the services is transferred to the customer, in an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those services. The Company generates all its revenue from contracts with customers.

Subscription Revenue

The Company’s Falcon Platform technology solutions are subscription SaaS offerings designed to continuously monitor, share, and mitigate risks from determined attackers. Subscription revenues are primarily comprised of fees that give customers access to the ordered service, related support, and updates, if any, during the subscription term. Customers do not have the right to take possession of the cloud-based software platform. Fees are based on several factors, including the solutions subscribed for by the customer and the number of endpoints purchased by the customer. The subscription fees are typically payable within 30 to 60 days after the execution of the arrangement, and thereafter upon renewal or subsequent installment. The Company initially records the subscription fees as deferred revenue and recognizes revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement.

The typical subscription term is one to three years . The Company’s contracts with customers typically include a fixed amount of consideration and are generally non-cancellable and without any refund-type provisions. Customers typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if the Company fails to perform in accordance with the contractual terms. Some customers have the option to purchase additional subscription at a stated price. These options generally do not provide a material right as they are priced at the Company’s SSP.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Professional Services Revenue

The Company offers several types of professional services including incident response and forensic services, surge forensic and malware analysis, and attribution analysis, which are focused on responding to imminent and direct threats, assessing vulnerabilities, and recommending solutions. These services are distinct from subscription services. Professional services do not result in significant customization of the subscription service. The Company’s professional services are available through time and material and fixed fee agreements. Revenue for time and material agreements is recognized as services are performed. Fixed fee contracts account for an immaterial portion of the Company’s revenue.

Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations

Some contracts with customers contain multiple promised services consisting of subscription and professional services that are distinct and accounted for separately. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative SSP basis. The SSP is the price at which the Company would sell promised subscription or professional services separately to a customer. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. The Company determines SSP based on its overall pricing objectives, taking into consideration the type of subscription or professional service and the number of endpoints.

Variable Consideration

Revenue from sales is recorded at the net sales price, which is the transaction price, and may include estimates of variable consideration. The amount of variable consideration that is included in the transaction price is constrained and is included in the net sales price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved.

If subscriptions do not meet certain service level commitments, the Company’s customers are entitled to receive service credits, and in certain cases, refunds, each representing a form of variable consideration. The Company has historically not experienced any significant incidents affecting the defined levels of reliability and performance as required by its subscription contracts. Accordingly, any estimated refunds related to these agreements in the consolidated financial statements is not material during the periods presented.

The Company provides rebates and other credits within its contracts with certain resellers, which are estimated based on the expected value to be earned or claimed on the related sales transaction. Overall, the transaction price is reduced to reflect the Company’s estimate of the amount of consideration to which it is entitled based on the terms of the contract. Estimated rebates and other credits were not material during the periods presented.

Research and Development Expense

Research and development costs are expensed when incurred, except for certain internal-use software development costs, which may be capitalized as noted above. Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel and related headcount costs, stock-based compensation expenses, costs of professional services associated with the ongoing development of the Company’s technology, and allocated overhead.

Advertising

Most advertising costs are expensed as incurred, except for certain production costs that are deferred and expensed at the time the advertising first takes place. The Company incurred $ 118.1 million, $ 79.9 million, and $ 53.8 million of advertising costs during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

Stock-Based Compensation

Compensation related to stock-based awards to employees and directors is measured and recognized in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations based on the fair value of the awards granted. The Company estimates the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The stock-based compensation expense relating to stock options is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period during which the employee or director is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period, which is generally four years .

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) are generally subject to a service-based vesting condition. The service-based vesting condition is generally four years . The valuation of these RSUs is based solely on the Company’s stock price on the date of grant, and the corresponding compensation expense is amortized on a straight-line basis.

Performance-based stock units (“PSUs”) are generally subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a performance-based vesting condition. The fair value of the award is equal to the Company’s stock price on the date of grant. PSUs generally vest over a four-year period, subject to continued service through the applicable vesting dates. The stock-based compensation expense relating to PSUs is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied.

The Special PSU Awards are subject to the Company’s achievement of specified stock price hurdles and a service-based vesting condition. The Company measured the fair value of the Special PSU Awards using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. The stock-based compensation expense relating to the Special PSU Awards is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over the longer of the derived service period and the explicit service period.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) grants are measured based on the fair value at grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The resulting stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over a two-year offering period and is accounted for as having four separate tranches starting on the same initial enrollment date. The requisite service periods for the four tranches are approximately 6 , 12 , 18 , and 24 months.

The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur for all stock-based awards.

Deferred Compensation

In December 2022, the board of directors approved the CrowdStrike Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Plan”), effective January 1, 2023. The Plan is a non-qualified, deferred compensation arrangement that permits eligible employees to make 100 % vested salary and incentive compensation deferrals within established limits. The Company does not make contributions to the Plan.

The Plan’s assets consist of marketable securities held in a Rabbi Trust and are included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets because they are intended to fund the Plan’s long-term liabilities. They are not available for use in the Company’s daily operations and are not intended to be sold within a short period of time after purchase. The marketable securities were recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices and were $ 5.5 million and $ 2.3 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The deferred compensation liability was $ 5.5 million and $ 2.3 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively, and is included in other liabilities, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. Gains and losses on deferred compensation investments are included in other income (expense), net, and corresponding changes in the deferred compensation liability are included in operating expenses and cost of revenue. Changes in the fair value of the deferred compensation asset and liability were immaterial for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024.

Operating Leases

The Company enters into operating lease arrangements for real estate assets related to office space. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception by evaluating various factors, including whether a vendor’s right to substitute an identified asset is substantive. Lease classification is determined at the lease commencement date, which is the date the leased assets are made available for use. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease liabilities, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company did not have any financing leases in any of the periods presented.

Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease incentives, such as tenant improvement allowances. Variable costs, such as maintenance and utilities based on actual usage, are not included in the measurement of right-to-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities but are expensed when the event determining the amount of variable consideration to be paid occurs. As the implicit rate of the leases is not determinable, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company uses the non-cancellable lease term when recognizing the ROU assets and lease liabilities, unless it is reasonably certain that a renewal or termination option will be exercised. The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

Leases with a term of twelve months or less are not recognized on the consolidated balance sheets but are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Debt Issuance Costs

Debt issuance costs incurred in connection with securing the Company’s financing arrangements are generally presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the outstanding borrowings, consistent with debt discounts. However, the Company has chosen to present debt issuance costs under other long-term assets for its revolving credit facility on the consolidated balance sheets regardless of whether the Company has any outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility. Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization, were $ 2.9 million and $ 4.0 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. Debt issuance costs associated with the Senior Notes are recorded as a reduction to the carrying value of the Senior Notes on the consolidated balance sheets. The unamortized issuance costs relating to the Senior Notes were $ 1.3 million and $ 1.6 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

All deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense. The effective interest method is used for debt issuance costs related to the Senior Notes. Debt issuance costs related to the revolving credit facility are amortized over the term of the financing arrangement under the straight-line method. The Company’s amortization of these costs was $ 2.2 million, $ 1.6 million, and $ 1.3 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions

The functional currencies of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries are generally the country’s local currency. Assets and liabilities of the subsidiaries are translated into U.S. Dollars at exchange rates in effect at the reporting date. Amounts classified in stockholders’ equity (deficit) are translated at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Foreign currency transaction gains or losses, whether realized or unrealized, are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations within other income (expense), net, and have not been material for all periods presented.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating loss and credit carryforwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.

The Company accounts for unrecognized tax benefits using a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company establishes a liability for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. The Company’s assumptions, judgments, and estimates relative to the current provision for income taxes take into account current tax laws, the Company’s interpretation of current tax laws, and possible outcomes of current and future audits conducted by foreign and domestic tax authorities. The Company has established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. In addition, the Company is subject to the continual examination of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes and have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from such examinations. The Company believes such estimates to be reasonable; however, the final determination of any of these examinations could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Net Income (Loss) per Share

The Company computes basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for Class A and Class B common stock using the two-class method required for participating securities. Under the two-class method, basic net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. On December 11, 2024, all of the Company’s outstanding shares of Class B common stock were automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic earnings per share for the potentially dilutive impact of outstanding stock options, RSUs, PSUs, Special PSUs, ESPP obligations, and founder holdbacks. The dilutive potential shares are computed using the treasury stock method. The effects of the outstanding stock options, RSUs, PSUs, Special PSUs, ESPP obligations, and founders holdbacks are excluded from the computation of the diluted earnings per share in periods in which the effect would be anti-dilutive.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The standard requires disclosure of significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss, an amount for other segment items required to reconcile the difference between segment revenue and segment expenses to segment profit or loss along with a description of their composition, and the title and position of the entity’s CODM. The update also expands interim segment disclosure requirements. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted this guidance during the year ended January 31, 2025. See Note 14, Segment Information for further details.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures. The standard requires additional disclosure of specific expense categories included in the expense captions presented on the statements of operations. The new standard can be applied either prospectively or retrospectively, and is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on its disclosures within the consolidated financial statements.

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, a final standard on improvements to income tax disclosures. The standard requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax rate reconciliation, as well as information on income taxes paid. The standard is intended to benefit investors by providing more detailed income tax disclosures that would be useful in making capital allocation decisions and applies to all entities subject to income taxes. The new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company does not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on its disclosures within the consolidated financial statements.

2. Investments and Fair Value Measurements

The Company follows ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, with respect to cash equivalents, short-term investments, and deferred compensation investments that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Under the standard, fair value is defined as the exit price, or the amount that would be received to sell an asset or a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. The standard also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company’s assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based upon the best information available in the circumstances.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The hierarchy is broken down into three levels as follows:

Level 1 Assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets

Level 2 Assets and liabilities whose values are based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability

Level 3 Assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement

Categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

There were no transfers between the levels of the fair value hierarchy during the periods presented.

As of January 31, 2025, and January 31, 2024, the Company’s U.S. Treasury securities are carried at fair value, and there were no material realized or unrealized gains or losses, either individually or in aggregate.

The total estimated fair value of the Company’s financing receivables approximates their carrying amounts as of January 31, 2025. The fair value of the Company's financing receivables is considered to be a Level 3 measurement as unobservable inputs are used in determining discounted cash flows to estimate fair value.

Strategic Investments

The Company’s investments in privately held securities as of January 31, 2025, consisted of the following (in thousands):

The Company’s investments in privately held securities as of January 31, 2024, consisted of the following (in thousands):

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As of January 31, 2025, the cumulative net gains of $ 3.4 million are comprised of upward adjustments of $ 7.3 million, less downward adjustments and impairment of $ 3.9 million. As of January 31, 2024, the cumulative net gains of $ 4.9 million are comprised of upward adjustments of $ 9.3 million, less downward adjustments and impairment of $ 4.4 million.

Gains and Losses on Strategic Investments

The components of gains and losses on strategic investments were as follows (in thousands):

Unrealized gains recognized on privately held equity securities includes upward adjustments from equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative while unrealized losses recognized on privately held equity securities includes downward adjustments and impairment.

Realized gains and losses recognized on sales of privately held equity securities reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the security at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later.

3. Financing Receivables

The Company’s short-term and long-term financing receivables were as follows (in thousands):

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company’s amortized cost basis of financing receivables categorized by internal risk rating and year of origination was as follows (in thousands):

(1) Internal risk ratings are determined based on the end-user’s financial condition and are categorized as 1 through 9, with the lowest rating representing the highest quality.

There were no financing receivables prior to fiscal year ended January 31, 2025.

There was no significant activity in allowance for credit losses during the year ended January 31, 2025. Past due amounts on financing receivables were not material as of January 31, 2025.

4. Balance Sheet Components

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses were $ 247.3 million and $ 144.9 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. Other current assets were $ 67.1 million and $ 38.3 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

Property and Equipment, Net

Construction in progress primarily includes data center equipment purchased that has not yet been placed in service. Data center equipment that was purchased but not yet been placed into service was $ 180.1 million and $ 167.5 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment was $ 188.0 million, $ 126.8 million, and $ 77.2 million, during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

The Company capitalized $ 91.9 million, $ 77.9 million, and $ 49.3 million in internal-use software and website development costs during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense associated with internal-use software and website development costs totaled $ 54.8 million, $ 37.3 million, and $ 21.5 million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. The net book

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

value of capitalized internal-use software and website development costs was $ 144.0 million and $ 106.9 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

Intangible Assets, Net

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $ 26.0 million, $ 18.4 million, and $ 16.6 million, during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Goodwill

(1) Goodwill acquired resulted from the acquisitions of Flow Security and A.S. Adaptive Shield Ltd. Refer to Note 12 for additional information.

Accrued Payroll and Benefits

5. Debt

Secured Revolving Credit Facility

In April 2019, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank and other lenders, to provide a revolving line of credit of up to $ 150.0 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate amount of $ 10.0 million, and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate amount of $ 10.0 million.

On January 4, 2021, the Company amended and restated its existing credit agreement (the “A&R Credit Agreement” and the facility thereunder the “Revolving Facility”) among CrowdStrike, Inc., as borrower, CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., as guarantor, and Silicon Valley Bank and the other lenders party thereto, providing the Company with a revolving line of credit of up to $ 750.0 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate amount of $ 100.0 million, and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate amount of $ 50.0 million. The Company also has the option to request an incremental facility of up to an additional $ 250.0 million from one or more of the lenders under the A&R Credit Agreement. The A&R Credit Agreement is guaranteed by all of the Company’s material domestic subsidiaries. The A&R Credit Agreement extended the maturity date of April 19, 2022 to January 2, 2026.

On January 6, 2022, the Company modified the A&R Credit Agreement (the “Amended A&R Credit Agreement”) among CrowdStrike, Inc., as borrower, CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., as guarantor, and Silicon Valley Bank and the other lenders party thereto. There were no changes to the borrowing amounts or maturity date. Under the Amended A&R Credit Agreement, revolving loans are Alternate Base Rate (“ABR”) Loans. Outstanding ABR Loans incur interest at the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, as published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 %, and (c) the Term Secured Overnight Finance Rate (the “Term SOFR”) for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus 1.00 %, in each case plus a margin between ( 0.25 )% and 0.25 %, depending on the senior secured leverage ratio. The Company will be charged a commitment fee of 0.15 % to 0.25 % per year for committed but unused amounts, depending on the senior secured leverage ratio. The financial covenants require the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.00 :1.00 and a maximum total leverage ratio of 5.50 :1.00 stepping down to 3.50 :1.00 over time. The Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants as of January 31, 2025.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Amended A&R Credit Agreement is secured by substantially all of the Company’s current and future consolidated assets, property and rights, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, cash, goods, equipment, contractual rights, financial assets, and intangible assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. The Amended A&R Credit Agreement contains customary covenants limiting the Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions.

No amounts were outstanding under the Amended A&R Credit Agreement as of January 31, 2025.

Senior Notes

On January 20, 2021, the Company issued $ 750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.00 % Senior Notes maturing in February 2029 (the “Senior Notes”). The Senior Notes are guaranteed by the Company’s subsidiaries, CrowdStrike, Inc. and CrowdStrike Financial Services, Inc., and will be guaranteed by each of the Company’s existing and future domestic subsidiaries that becomes a borrower or guarantor under the A&R Credit Agreement. The Senior Notes were issued at par and bear interest at a rate of 3.00 % per annum. Interest payments are payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2021. The Company may voluntarily redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, 1) at any time prior to February 15, 2024 at (a) 100.00 % of their principal amount, plus a “make whole” premium or (b) with the net cash proceeds received from an equity offering at a redemption price equal to 103.00 % of the principal amount, provided the aggregate principal amount of all such redemptions does not exceed 40 % of the original aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes; 2) at any time on or after February 15, 2024 at a prepayment price equal to 101.50 % of the principal amount; 3) at any time on or after February 15, 2025 at a prepayment price equal to 100.75 % of the principal amount; and 4) at any time on or after February 15, 2026 at a prepayment price equal to 100.00 % of the principal amount; in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding, the date of redemption.

The net proceeds from the debt offering were $ 738.0 million after deducting the underwriting commissions of $ 9.4 million and $ 2.6 million of issuance costs. The debt issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Senior Notes. Interest expense related to contractual interest expense, amortization of debt issuance costs, and accretion of debt discount was $ 24.0 million during both fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024.

In certain circumstances involving a change of control event, the Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase all or, at the holder’s option, any part, of each holder’s notes of that series at 101 % of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.

The indenture governing the Senior Notes (the “Indenture”) contains covenants limiting the Company’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to create liens on certain assets to secure debt; grant a subsidiary guarantee of certain debt without also providing a guarantee of the Senior Notes; declare dividends; and consolidate or merge with or into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to, another person. These covenants are subject to a number of limitations and exceptions. Certain of these covenants will not apply during any period in which the notes are rated investment grade by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”), Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (“S&P”).

As of January 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants under the Indenture associated with the Senior Notes.

Based on the trading prices of the Senior Notes, the fair value of the Senior Notes was approximately $ 688.4 million and $ 671.2 million as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. While the Senior Notes are recorded at cost, the fair value of the Senior Notes was determined based on quoted prices in markets that are not active; accordingly, the Senior Notes are categorized as Level 2 for purposes of the fair value measurement hierarchy.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

6. Income Taxes

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company recognized income tax expense of $ 71.1 million, $ 32.2 million, and $ 22.4 million for the fiscal years January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024 and January 31, 2023, respectively. The tax expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 was primarily attributable to pre-tax foreign earnings, withholding taxes related to customer payments in certain foreign jurisdictions, intercompany sale of intellectual property from acquired entities and change in the realizability of deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions. The Company transferred acquired intellectual property from foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. Although the transfer of the intellectual property between consolidated entities did not result in any gain in the consolidated statement of operations, such transactions were taxable for tax purposes. The tax expense for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2024 and January 31, 2023 was primarily attributable to pre-tax foreign earnings and withholding taxes related to customer payments in certain foreign jurisdictions and intercompany sales of intellectual property from acquisitions.

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.

The Company maintains a full valuation allowance on U.S. federal and state and certain foreign deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, which the Company has determined are not realizable on a more-likely-than-not basis. In completing the assessment of the continued need for valuation allowance, we analyzed various factors including, but not limited to, cumulative pre-tax losses, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, future reversal of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies that are prudent and feasible. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, the valuation allowance increased by $ 234.7 million, $ 47.6 million, and $ 139.2 million, respectively. The increases in the valuation allowance during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 were primarily driven by U.S. operations. As of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023 the valuation allowance for deferred taxes was $ 1.2 billion, $ 957.7 million, and $ 910.1 million, respectively.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

As of January 31, 2025, the Company had aggregate federal and California net operating loss carryforwards of $ 1.4 billion and $ 307.9 million, respectively, which may be available to offset future taxable income for income tax purposes. The federal net operating losses are carried forward indefinitely, and California net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in fiscal 2034 through fiscal 2045. As of January 31, 2025, net operating loss carryforwards for other states totaled $ 716.0 million, which begin to expire in fiscal 2026 through fiscal 2045. As of January 31, 2025, net operating loss carryforwards for the U.K. totaled $ 78.0 million, which are carried forward indefinitely, and net operating loss carryforwards totaled immaterial amounts in certain foreign jurisdictions.

As of January 31, 2025, the Company had federal and California research and development (“R&D”) credit carryforwards of $ 165.1 million and $ 39.6 million, respectively. The federal R&D credit carryforwards begin to expire in fiscal 2037 though fiscal 2045. The California R&D credits are carried forward indefinitely.

The Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on a corporation’s ability to utilize net operating loss (“NOLs”) and credit carryovers if it experiences an ownership change as defined in Section 382. In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders in the stock of a corporation by more than 50% over a three-year period. If an ownership change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of the Company’s NOLs and credit carryovers could be restricted. The Company’s net operating losses and credit carryovers are not currently subject to a limitation due to an ownership change.

Total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023 were $ 117.5 million, $ 58.9 million, and $ 36.9 million, respectively. As of January 31, 2025, the Company had $ 54.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits, which, if recognized, would affect the Company’s effective tax rate due to the full valuation allowance. The Company’s policy is to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations. Cumulatively, the Company had incurred $ 3.0 million of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31, 2025, and $ 1.4 million and an insignificant amount of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, the net increase in unrecognized tax benefits was a result of certain taxable foreign transactions and R&D credits. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023 the net increase in unrecognized tax benefits was a result of R&D credits. The potential change in unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months is not expected to be material.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal, foreign, and various state jurisdictions. Tax years 2011 and onwards remain subject to examination by taxing authorities.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company does not provide for federal and state income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as such earnings are to be reinvested offshore indefinitely. If the Company repatriated these earnings, the tax impact of future distributions of foreign earnings would generally be limited to withholding tax from foreign jurisdictions, and the resulting income tax liability would be insignificant.

7. Leases

Operating Leases

The Company has entered into non-cancellable operating lease agreements with various expiration dates through fiscal 2033. Certain lease agreements include options to renew or terminate the lease, which are not reasonably certain to be exercised and therefore are not factored into the determination of lease payments.

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was $ 19.5 million, $ 15.4 million, and $ 12.0 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating right of-use assets were $ 6.8 million and $ 16.4 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

The weighted-average remaining lease terms were 2.9 years and 3.7 years as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively. The weighted-average discount rates were 5.5 % and 5.7 % as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively.

Sublease income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 was immaterial . There was no sublease income for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2025, the Company has not entered into non-cancellable operating leases with terms greater than 12 months that have not yet commenced.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

8. Stock-Based Compensation

Stock Incentive Plan

In May 2019, the Company’s board of directors adopted, and the stockholders approved the CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”) with the purpose of granting stock-based awards to employees, directors, officers, and consultants, including stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), and performance-based restricted stock units (“PSUs”). A total of 8,750,000 shares of Class A common stock were initially available for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The Company’s compensation committee administers the 2019 Plan. The number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan is subject to an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on February 1, 2020, equal to the lesser of: (i) two percent ( 2 %) of outstanding shares of the Company’s capital stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (ii) such other amount as the Company’s board of directors may determine.

The 2011 Plan was terminated on June 10, 2019, which was the business day prior to the effectiveness of the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 used in connection with the Company’s IPO, and stock-based awards are no longer granted under the 2011 Plan. Any shares underlying stock options that expire, terminate, or are forfeited or repurchased under the 2011 Plan will be automatically transferred to the 2019 Plan.

Stock Options

The Company records compensation expense for employee stock options based on the estimated fair value of the options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

Stock options granted during both fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 were immaterial.

There were no options that were unvested and exercisable as of January 31, 2025.

The aggregate intrinsic value of options vested and exercisable was $ 472.3 million, $ 451.0 million, and $ 247.2 million as of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted-average remaining contractual term of options vested and exercisable was 3.5 years, 4.2 years, and 4.8 years as of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

The weighted-average grant date fair values of all options granted was $ 321.98 , $ 126.16 , and $ 116.26 per share during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively. The total intrinsic value of all options exercised was $ 170.4 million, $ 190.1 million, and $ 166.8 million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding as of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023 was $ 485.3 million, $ 496.7 million, and $ 279.4 million, respectively, which represents the excess of the fair value of the Company’s common stock over the exercise price of the options, multiplied by the number of options outstanding. The weighted-average remaining contractual term of stock options outstanding was 3.6 years, 4.3 years, and 5.0 years as of January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023, respectively.

Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested options was $ 8.0 million as of January 31, 2025. This expense is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average vesting period of 1.8 years.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan are generally subject to only a service-based vesting condition. The service-based vesting condition is generally satisfied based on one of the following vesting schedules: (i) vesting of one-fourth of the RSUs on the first “Company vest date” (defined as March 20, June 20, September 20, or December 20) on or following the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date, with the remainder of the RSUs vesting in twelve equal quarterly installments thereafter, subject to continued service, (ii) vesting in sixteen equal quarterly installments, subject to continued service, or (iii) vesting in sixteen quarterly installments with 10 % in the first year, 15 % in the second year, 25 % in the third year, and 50 % in the fourth year, subject to continued service. The valuation of these RSUs is based solely on the fair value of the Company’s stock on the date of grant.

Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was $ 2.1 billion as of January 31, 2025. This expense is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average vesting period of 2.7 years.

Performance-based Stock Units

PSUs granted under the 2019 Plan are generally subject to both a service-based vesting condition and a performance-based vesting condition. PSUs will vest upon the achievement of specified performance targets and subject to continued service through the applicable vesting dates. The stock-based compensation expense relating to PSUs is recognized using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied.

Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested PSUs was $ 61.0 million as of January 31, 2025, which reflects the Company's updated assessment of the likelihood of satisfying the performance conditions. This expense is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average vesting period of 1.1 years.

Special PSU Awards

In fiscal 2022 the Company’s board of directors granted 655,000 performance stock units (the “Special PSU Awards”) to certain executives under the 2019 Plan. The Special PSU Awards vest upon the satisfaction of the Company’s achievement of specified stock price hurdles, which are based on the average of the closing stock price per share of the Company’s Class A common stock during any 45 consecutive trading day period during the applicable performance period, and a service-based vesting condition. The service condition applicable to each tranche of the Special PSU Awards will be satisfied in installments as follows, subject to continued employment with the Company through each applicable vesting date: (i) 50 % of the Special PSU Awards underlying the applicable tranche will service vest on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date applicable to such tranche of the Special PSU Awards (i.e., February 1, 2022, February 1, 2023, February 1, 2024, and February 1, 2025) and (ii) the remaining PSUs with respect to such tranche will thereafter service vest in four equal quarterly installments of 12.5 %.

The Company measured the fair value of the Special PSU Awards on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. The risk-free interest rates used were 0.85 % - 1.51 %, which were based on the zero-coupon-risk-free interest rate derived from the Treasury Constant Maturities yield curve for the expected term of the award on the grant date. The expected volatility was a blended volatility rate of 54.89 % - 55.36 %, which includes 50 % weight on the Company’s historical volatility calculated from daily stock returns over a 2.21 - 2.58 year look-back from the grant date and 50 % weight based on the Company’s implied volatility as of the grant date.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Special PSU Awards was $ 11.2 million as of January 31, 2025. This expense is expected to be amortized over a weighted-average vesting period of 1.1 years.

(1) The performance adjustment represents adjustments in shares outstanding due to the actual achievement of performance-based awards, the achievement of which was based upon pre-defined financial performance targets.

(2) Excludes in progress PSUs and Special PSUs where pre-defined targets have not yet been achieved.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In May 2019, the board of directors adopted, and the stockholders approved, the CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”), which became effective on June 10, 2019, which was the business day prior to the effectiveness of the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 used in connection with the Company’s IPO. A total of 3,500,000 shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The Company’s compensation committee administers the ESPP. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP is subject to an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on February 1, 2020, equal to the lesser of: (i) one percent ( 1 %) of the outstanding shares of the Company’s capital stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year or (ii) such other amount as its board of directors may determine. In May 2021, the Company’s compensation committee adopted an amendment and restatement of the ESPP, which was approved by the Company’s stockholders in June 2021. The amended and restated ESPP clarified the original intent that the annual increase will in no event exceed 5,000,000 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock in any year.

The ESPP provides for consecutive offering periods that will typically have a duration of approximately 24 months in length and are comprised of four purchase periods of approximately six months in length. The offering periods are scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after June 11 and December 11 of each year. The first offering period commenced on June 11, 2019 and ended on June 10, 2021.

The ESPP provides eligible employees with an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15 % of their eligible compensation. A participant may purchase a maximum of 2,500 shares of common stock during a purchase period. Amounts deducted and accumulated by the participant are used to purchase shares of common stock at the end of each six-month purchase period. The purchase price of the shares is 85 % of the lower of the fair market value of the Class A common stock on (i) the first trading day of the applicable offering period and (ii) the last trading day of each purchase period in the related offering period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering period and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares of common stock. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment. The ESPP allows for up to one increase in contribution during each purchase period. If an employee elects to increase his or her contribution, the Company treats this as an accounting modification. The ESPP also offers a two-year look-back feature, as well as a rollover feature that provides for an offering period to be rolled over to a new lower-priced offering if the offering price of the new offering period is less than that of the

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

current offering period. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2023, there were ESPP rollovers because the Company’s closing stock price on the purchase date was lower than the Company’s closing stock price on the first day of the offering periods. As a result, these offering dates were rolled over to new 24-month offering periods through December 10, 2026, and December 12, 2024, respectively. These rollovers were accounted for as a modification to the original offerings. The total incremental expense as a result of the rollover and contribution modifications was $ 12.4 million and $ 58.6 million, respectively, which will be recognized over the new or remaining offering periods. There were no ESPP rollovers during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024. Total incremental expense as a result of contribution modifications during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024 was $ 7.3 million, which will be recognized over the remaining offering periods.

Employee payroll contributions ultimately used to purchase shares are reclassified to stockholders’ equity on the purchase date. ESPP employee payroll contributions accrued as of January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024 totaled $ 33.2 million and $ 22.3 million, respectively, and are included within accrued payroll and benefits in the consolidated balance sheets.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

9. Revenue, Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations

No single country other than the United States represented 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025, January 31, 2024, and January 31, 2023.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Contract Balances

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments received in advance of performance under the contract. Such amounts are recognized as revenue over the contractual period. The Company recognized revenue of $ 2,251.3 million and $ 1,718.5 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2024, respectively, which was included in the corresponding contract liability balance at the beginning of the period.

The Company receives payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules. Accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Payment terms on invoiced amounts are typically 30 – 60 days. Contract assets include amounts related to the contractual right to consideration for both completed and partially completed performance obligations that may not have been invoiced.

Remaining Performance Obligations

The Company’s subscription contracts with its customers have a typical term of one to three years , and most subscription contracts are non-cancellable. Customers generally have the right to terminate their contracts for cause as a result of the Company’s failure to perform. As of January 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $ 6.5 billion. The Company expects to recognize approximately 53 % of the remaining performance obligations in the 12 months following January 31, 2025 and 42 % of the remaining performance obligations between 13 to 36 months, with the remainder to be recognized thereafter.

Costs to Obtain and Fulfill a Contract

The Company capitalizes referral fees paid to partners and sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal sales personnel, contractors, or sales agents that are incremental to the acquisition of channel partner and direct customer contracts and would not have occurred absent the customer contract. These costs are recorded as deferred contract acquisition costs, current and deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheets.

Sales commissions for renewal of a contract are not considered commensurate with the commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial contract or follow-on upsell given the substantive difference in commission rates in proportion to their respective contract values. Commissions, including referral fees paid to referral partners, earned upon the initial acquisition of a contract or subsequent upsell are amortized over an estimated period of benefit of four years , while commissions earned for renewal contracts are amortized over the contractual term of the renewals. Sales commissions associated with professional service contracts are amortized ratably over an estimated period of benefit of five months . Commissions are included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. In determining the period of benefit for commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial contract, the Company took into consideration the expected subscription term and expected renewals of customer contracts, the historical duration of relationships with customers, customer retention data, and the life of the developed technology. The Company periodically reviews the carrying amount of deferred contract acquisition costs to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred that could impact the period of benefit of these deferred costs. The Company did no t recognize any material impairment losses of deferred contract acquisition costs during the year ended January 31, 2025.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

10. Commitments and Contingencies

July 19 Incident

On July 19, 2024, the Company released a content configuration update for its Falcon sensor that resulted in system crashes for certain Windows systems (the “July 19 Incident”). The Company is subject to a number of legal proceedings in connection with the July 19 Incident, including:

• On July 30, 2024, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of the Company’s officers in federal court in the Western District of Texas alleging violations of federal securities laws, including that the defendants made false or misleading statements. The complainants seek certification of a class of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s securities during specified periods of time and are seeking unspecified monetary damages, costs and attorneys’ fees. On January 21, 2025, an amended complaint was filed.

• On August 5, 2024, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against CrowdStrike, Inc. in federal court in the Western District of Texas alleging, among other things, negligence and violations of the California Unfair Competition Law. The complainants seek certification of a nationwide class, as well as sub-classes of certain California, Ohio, and Pennsylvania citizens, who had a flight delayed or canceled during a specified period of time and are seeking unspecified monetary damages, certain injunctive relief, costs and attorneys’ fees. On November 6, 2024, this lawsuit was consolidated with the August 19, 2024 lawsuit described below, and interim class counsel was appointed. On December 6, 2024, a consolidated class action complaint was filed. On February 4, 2025, CrowdStrike, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss the complaint.

• On August 19, 2024, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and CrowdStrike, Inc. in federal court in the Western District of Texas alleging, among other things, negligence in the design and testing of the Falcon sensor and tortious interference between certain airline customers and their airline. The complainants seek certification of a nationwide class (or alternatively a class of Iowa citizens) who had a flight delayed or canceled on a specified airline during a specific period of time and are seeking unspecified monetary damages, costs and attorneys’ fees. On November 6, 2024, this lawsuit was consolidated with the lawsuit filed on August 5, 2024 described above and was administratively closed.

• On September 4, September 11, and September 20, 2024, three derivative lawsuits were filed against certain of the Company’s officers and directors, and against the Company as nominal defendant, in federal court in the Western District of Texas alleging breach of fiduciary duty under Delaware law and violations of federal securities laws, including that the defendants made false or misleading statements in violation of Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rules 10b-5 and 14a-9. One of the lawsuits also brings a claim against certain of the defendants for contribution under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Exchange Act. The complainants seek monetary and non-monetary relief purportedly on behalf of the Company. On November 21, 2024, all three cases were consolidated and stayed pending resolution of the putative securities class action described above.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

• On October 25, 2024, Delta Airlines, Inc. (“Delta”) filed a complaint against CrowdStrike, Inc. in the Superior Court for Fulton County, Georgia, alleging, among other things, computer trespass, trespass to personalty, breach of contract, intentional misrepresentation/fraud by omission, strict-liability product defect, gross negligence, and deceptive and unfair business practices. Delta is seeking unspecified monetary damages, attorneys’ fees and unspecified punitive damages. The matter has been transferred to the Metro Atlanta Business Case Division. On December 16, 2024, CrowdStrike, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss.

Additionally, some customers and third parties have asserted claims or publicly threatened litigation against the Company. The Company has also received inquiries from governmental authorities and other third parties related to the July 19 Incident. The Company is cooperating and providing information in connection with these inquiries.

For any claims and legal proceedings for which the Company believes a liability is both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company records a liability in the period for which it makes this determination. For claims and legal proceedings where a loss may be reasonably possible, but not probable, or is probable but not reasonably estimable, no accrual is established. While the Company believes it is reasonably possible that it could incur losses associated with the claims, proceedings and inquiries described above, it is not possible to estimate the amount of any loss or range of possible loss that might result from adverse judgments, settlements, penalties or other resolutions of these claims, proceedings and inquiries based on their early stage, and the lack of resolution on significant factual and legal issues. Because the final outcome of any of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, unfavorable or unexpected developments or outcomes could result in a material impact to the Company’s results of operations.

The Company expects to incur significant legal and professional services and other expenses associated with the July 19 Incident in future periods. These expenses will be recognized as incurred. Certain costs may be recoverable under the Company’s insurance policies in effect at the date of the July 19 Incident. Any amounts recoverable under such policies will be reflected in future periods in which recovery is considered probable.

Amounts accrued and expenses incurred, net of insurance receivable recorded, relating to the July 19 Incident during fiscal years ended January 31, 2025 were as follows (in thousands):

(1) These expenses were included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations as sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Accruals were recorded in accrued expenses in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Insurance receivable was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

In addition to customer commitment packages, the Company has made an immaterial amount of settlement offers to certain customers in response to the July 19 Incident. These amounts are, or will be, entirely offset by recoveries under the Company’s insurance policies. Accordingly, there is no impact on the Company’s consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025. The customer payables and insurance receivables were recorded as accrued expenses and as prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of January 31, 2025, respectively.

Other Legal Proceedings

In March 2022, Webroot, Inc. and Open Text, Inc. (collectively, “Webroot”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and CrowdStrike, Inc. in federal court in the Western District of Texas alleging that certain of the Company’s products infringe six patents held by them. In the complaint, Webroot sought unspecified damages, attorneys’ fees and a permanent injunction. In May 2022, CrowdStrike, Inc. asserted counterclaims alleging that certain of Webroot’s products infringe two of its patents. In the filing, CrowdStrike, Inc. sought unspecified damages, reasonable fees and costs, and a permanent injunction. In September 2022, Webroot amended its complaint to assert six additional patents. In November 2023, CrowdStrike, Inc. entered into an

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

agreement that provided for, among other things, the settlement and dismissal of the parties’ claims and filed for dismissal. The amount attributable to the settlement was not material.

In addition, the Company is involved in various other legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. For any claims for which the Company believes a liability is both probable and reasonably estimable, the Company records a liability in the period for which it makes this determination. Other than as discussed above, there is no pending or threatened legal proceeding to which the Company is a party that, in the Company’s opinion, is reasonably possible to have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements; however, the results of litigation and claims are inherently unpredictable. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company’s business because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. In addition, the costs of litigation and the timing of these costs from period to period are difficult to estimate, subject to change and could adversely affect the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Purchase Obligations

In the normal course of business, the Company enters into non-cancellable purchase commitments with various parties to purchase products and services such as data center capacity, advertising, technology, equipment, office renovations, corporate events, and consulting services. A summary of non-cancellable purchase obligations in excess of one year as of January 31, 2025, with expected date of payment is as follows (in thousands):

Unfunded Loan Commitments

The Company provides financing arrangements for certain qualified end-users to purchase its products and services. When the Company enters into these financing arrangements with the end-users, the funds provided by the Company for the sales transactions do not always occur immediately upon signing, depending on the terms of the arrangements. The Company estimates an allowance for credit losses on these off-balance sheet credit exposures at each reporting period on the contractual period over which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. As of January 31, 2025, the Company had non-cancellable unfunded commitments totaling approximately $ 94.2 million.

Warranties and Indemnification

The Company’s cloud computing services are typically warranted to perform in a manner consistent with general industry standards that are reasonably applicable and materially in accordance with the Company’s online help documentation under normal use and circumstances. In addition, for its Falcon Complete customers, the Company offers a limited warranty, subject to certain conditions, to cover certain costs incurred by the customer in case of a cybersecurity breach. The Company has entered into an insurance policy to reduce its potential liability arising from such limited warranty arrangements. The Company’s customer arrangements generally include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against losses suffered or incurred as a result of third-party claims that the Company’s products or services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. From time to time, the Company has also agreed to certain other indemnifications and warranties. The Company has not incurred any material costs because of such obligations and has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in the consolidated financial statements as of January 31, 2025 or January 31, 2024 .

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and certain executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or officer, including any action by the Company, arising out of that person’s services as the Company’s director or officer or that person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at the Company’s request. The Company maintains director and officer insurance coverage that would generally enable the Company to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The Company may also be subject to indemnification obligations by law with respect to the actions of its employees under certain circumstances and in certain jurisdictions. No liabilities have been accrued associated with this indemnification provision as of January 31, 2025 or January 31, 2024 .

11. Geographic Information

12. Acquisitions

Adaptive Shield

On November 20, 2024, the Company acquired 100 % of the equity interest of A.S. Adaptive Shield Ltd. (“Adaptive Shield”), a SaaS-based cybersecurity company that offers customers comprehensive SaaS security posture management solutions.

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The total consideration transferred consisted of $ 213.7 million in cash, net of $ 13.7 million of cash acquired, and $ 0.7 million representing the fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service. The remaining fair value of these replacement awards attributed to post-combination service was excluded from the purchase price. The purchase price was allocated on a preliminary basis, subject to working capital adjustment and continuing management analysis, to identifiable intangible assets, which include developed technology and customer relationships of $ 31.1 million, net tangible liabilities acquired of $ 7.7 million, and goodwill of $ 191.0 million, which was allocated to the Company’s one reporting unit and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The goodwill was primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Adaptive Shield, planned growth in new markets, and synergies expected to be achieved from the integration of Adaptive Shield. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

Per the terms of the share purchase agreement with Adaptive Shield, certain unvested stock options held by Adaptive Shield employees were canceled and exchanged for replacement stock options under the 2019 Plan. Additionally, certain shares of Adaptive Shield stock held by Adaptive Shield employees were exchanged for shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to service-based vesting and other conditions. Further, the Company granted RSUs and PSUs under the 2019 Plan to certain continuing employees. The awards that are subject to continued service are recognized ratably as stock-based compensation cost over the requisite service period. The awards that are subject to both continued service and specified performance targets are recognized over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of the date of acquisition (dollars in thousands):

Acquisition costs incurred during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 were $ 2.7 million and are recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

The results of operations for the acquisition have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The acquisition of Adaptive Shield did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and therefore historical and pro forma disclosures have not been presented.

Flow Security

On March 26, 2024, the Company acquired 100 % of the equity interest of Flow Security Ltd. (“Flow Security”), a leading provider of data security solutions.

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The total consideration transferred consisted of $ 96.4 million in cash, net of $ 0.8 million of cash acquired, and $ 0.5 million representing the fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service. The remaining fair value of these replacement awards attributed to post-combination service was excluded from the purchase price. The purchase price was allocated on a preliminary basis, subject to working capital adjustment and continuing management analysis, to developed technology of $ 13.5 million with a useful life of 72 months, net tangible liabilities acquired of $ 0.6 million, and goodwill of $ 84.0 million, which was allocated to the Company’s one reporting unit and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The goodwill was primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Flow Security, planned growth in new markets, and synergies expected to be achieved from the integration of Flow Security. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

Per the terms of the share purchase agreement with Flow Security, certain unvested stock options held by Flow Security employees were canceled and exchanged for replacement stock options under the 2019 Plan. Additionally, certain shares of Flow Security stock held by Flow Security employees were exchanged for the right to receive shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to service-based vesting and other conditions. Further, the Company granted RSUs and PSUs under the 2019 Plan to certain continuing employees. The awards that are subject to continued service are recognized ratably as stock-based compensation cost over the requisite service period. The awards that are subject to both continued service and specified performance targets are recognized over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied.

Acquisition costs incurred during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 were $ 3.2 million and are primarily recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.

The results of operations for the acquisition have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The acquisition of Flow Security did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and therefore historical and pro forma disclosures have not been presented.

Bionic

On September 28, 2023, the Company acquired 100 % of the equity interest of Bionic Stork, Ltd. (“Bionic”), a privately-held company that provides an Application Security Posture Management platform designed to proactively reduce and mitigate security, data privacy, and operational risks by analyzing application architecture and dependencies that run in production.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The total consideration transferred consisted of $ 239.0 million in cash, net of $ 25.7 million of cash acquired, and $ 0.7 million representing the fair value of replacement equity awards attributable to pre-acquisition service. The remaining fair value of these replacement awards attributed to post-combination service was excluded from the purchase price. The purchase price was allocated to identified intangible assets, which include developed technology and customer relationships of $ 34.9 million, net tangible liabilities acquired of $ 2.7 million, and goodwill of $ 207.5 million, which was allocated to the Company’s one reporting unit and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. The goodwill was primarily attributable to the assembled workforce of Bionic, planned growth in new markets, and synergies expected to be achieved from the integration of Bionic. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

Per the terms of the share purchase agreement with Bionic, certain unvested stock options held by Bionic employees were canceled and exchanged for replacement stock options under the 2019 Plan. Additionally, certain shares of Bionic stock held by Bionic employees were exchanged for shares of the Company’s common stock, subject to service-based vesting and other conditions. Further, the Company granted RSUs and PSUs under the 2019 Plan to certain continuing employees. The awards that are subject to continued service are recognized ratably as stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. The awards that are subject to both continued service and specified performance targets are recognized over the requisite service period when it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied.

The following table sets forth the components of identifiable intangible assets acquired and their estimated useful lives as of the date of acquisition (dollars in thousands):

Acquisition costs incurred during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 were immaterial.

The results of operations for the acquisition have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The acquisition of Bionic did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and therefore historical and pro forma disclosures have not been presented .

13. Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to CrowdStrike’s common stockholders is computed in conformity with the two-class method required for participating securities. Basic net income (loss) per share attributable to CrowdStrike common stockholders is computed by dividing the net income (loss) attributable to CrowdStrike by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share attributable to CrowdStrike common stockholders is calculated by dividing net income by the combination of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the effect of the weighted-average number of dilutive common share equivalents during the period. The dilutive potential shares of common stock are comprised of outstanding stock options, RSUs, PSUs, Special PSUs, ESPP obligations, and founders’ holdbacks, and are computed using the treasury stock method. The effects of the outstanding stock options, RSUs, PSUs, Special PSUs, ESPP obligations, and founders holdbacks are excluded from the computation of the diluted net income per share in periods in which the effect would be anti-dilutive. Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2023 because the effects of potentially dilutive items were antidilutive given the Company’s net loss position during fiscal year ended January 31, 2025 and January 31, 2023.

The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with the respect to voting and conversion rights. As such, the undistributed earnings are allocated equally to each share of common stock without class distinction and the resulting basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to CrowdStrike common stockholders are the same for shares of Class A and Class B common stock. On December 11, 2024, all of the Company’s outstanding shares of Class B common stock were automatically converted into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

The above table excludes founder holdbacks related to business combinations where a variable number of shares will be issued upon vesting to settle a fixed monetary amount of $ 18.4 million, contingent upon continued employment with the Company. The share price will be determined based on the Company’s average stock price or the volume weighted average stock price five days prior to each vesting date. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, 10,780 shares were issued to settle founder holdbacks at a weighted average price of $ 329.82 per share.

As of January 31, 2025, the above table also excludes 575,747 outstanding shares of in progress PSUs and Special PSUs where pre-defined targets have not yet been achieved.

14. Segment Information

CrowdStrike’s Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), the Chief Executive Officer, manages the Company’s business activities as a single operating and reportable segment at the consolidated level. Accordingly, the CODM uses consolidated net income (loss) to measure segment profit or loss, evaluate financial performance, and allocate resources. Consolidated net income (loss) is evaluated on a monthly basis by comparing actual results against budgeted or forecasted net income (loss), facilitating the analysis of the Company’s financial trends.

Significant expenses within net income (loss) include cost of revenue for subscription and professional services, sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, and general and administrative expenses. Other segment items within net income (loss) include interest expense, interest income, other income, net, and provision for income taxes, which are each separately disclosed and presented in the consolidated statements of operations.

See Note 9 for additional information about the Company’s revenue by geographic region, and Note 11 for additional information about the Company’s property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets by geographic region.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain “disclosure controls and procedures,” as defined in Rule 13a–15(e) and Rule 15d–15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2025. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Management ’ s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate “internal control over financial reporting,” as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2025 . The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and Rule 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because

of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

During the three months ended January 31, 2025, certain of our directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408) for the sale of shares of our Class A common stock, as set forth below, in amounts and prices determined in accordance with a formula set forth in each such plan:

(1) Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(2) Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(3) Intended to permit Mr. Henry to sell (i) 21,330 shares subject to RSUs and (ii) 33,003 shares subject to PSUs. The actual number of shares subject to PSUs that may be sold is subject to the satisfaction of the applicable performance conditions and may be equal to, greater than or less than 33,003 shares.

(4) Each as subject to further early termination for certain specified events as set forth therein.

No other officers or directors, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), adopted and/or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408, during the last fiscal quarter.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics (the “Code of Conduct”) that applies to all of our employees, executive officers and directors. The full text of the Code of Conduct is available on our website at ir.crowdstrike.com. The nominating and corporate governance committee of our board of directors is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for employees, executive officers and directors. We expect that any amendments to the Code of Conduct, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website, as required by applicable law or the listing standards of The Nasdaq Global Select Market.

Certain information required by this Item with respect to our executive officers is set forth under Item 1 of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section entitled “Information about our Executive Officers.”

The information otherwise required by this Item will be included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the “2025 Proxy Statement”), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2025 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2025 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2025 Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2025 Proxy Statement.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) Financial Statements

See Index to consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the information is not required under the related instructions or is not applicable or because the information required is already included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to those consolidated financial statements.

(a)(3) Exhibits

We have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

_______________________________________

† Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or agreement.

* The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the day of March 10, 2025.

POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL THESE PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints George Kurtz and Burt W. Podbere, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their, his or her substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
