Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

ULTA BEAUTY, INC.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Fir m

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ulta Beauty, Inc. (the Company) as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 1, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 1, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 27, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1997.

Chicago, Illinois

March 27, 2025

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders’ and the Board of Directors of Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Ulta Beauty, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025 , based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Ulta Beauty, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025 , based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024 , the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended February 1, 2025 , and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated March 27, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the r eliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Chicago, Illinois

March 27, 2025

Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Consolidated Balance Sheets

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Income

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Ulta Beauty, Inc.

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

Ulta Beauty, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (In thousands, except per share and store count data)

1. Business and basis of presentation

Ulta Beauty, Inc. was founded in 1990 to operate specialty retail stores selling cosmetics, fragrance, haircare and skincare products, and related accessories and services. Nearly every store features a full-service salon. As used in these notes and throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Ulta Beauty,” or the “Company” refer to Ulta Beauty, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All amounts are stated in thousands, with the exception of per share amounts and number of stores.

As of February 1, 2025, the Company operated 1,445 stores across 50 states.

The Company has one reportable segment, which includes retail stores, salon services, and e-commerce.

2. Summary of significant accounting policies

Fiscal year

The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53 weeks ending on the Saturday closest to January 31. The Company’s fiscal years ended February 1, 2025 (fiscal 2024), February 3, 2024 (fiscal 2023), and January 28, 2023 (fiscal 2022) were 52 , 53 , and 52 week years, respectively.

Consolidation

The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts, transactions, and unrealized profit were eliminated in consolidation.

Use of estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the accounting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company considers its accounting policies relating to inventory valuations, vendor allowances, impairment of long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets, loyalty program and income taxes to be the most significant accounting policies that involve management estimates and judgments. Significant changes, if any, in those estimates and assumptions resulting from continuing changes in the economic environment will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements in future periods.

Reclassifications

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.

Cash and cash equivalents Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments such as money market funds and certificates of deposit with an original maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase. Cash equivalents also include amounts due from third-party financial institutions for credit card and debit card transactions. These receivables typically settle in five days or less with little or no default risk. Fair value of financial instruments The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments. There was no outstanding debt as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024. Receivables Receivables primarily include amounts due from vendors for allowances, royalties and other credit card amounts, and amounts due from third-party gift card providers. The Company does not require collateral on its receivables and does not accrue interest. Credit risk with respect to receivables is limited due to the diversity of vendors comprising the Company’s vendor base. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its vendors and evaluates the collectability of its receivables based on the length of time the receivable is past due and historical experience. Vendor allowances The Company receives consideration from vendors for advertising, markdown allowances, purchase volume discounts and rebates, reimbursement for defective merchandise, and certain selling and display expenses. A majority of all vendor allowances are recorded as a reduction of the vendor’s product cost and recognized in cost of sales as the product is sold. Merchandise inventories Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the moving average cost method and includes costs incurred to purchase and distribute goods. Inventory cost also includes vendor allowances related to co-op advertising, markdowns, and volume discounts. The Company maintains an inventory reserve for lower of cost or net realizable value and shrink. The inventory reserve was $ 40,003 and $ 45,360 as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively.

Cash and cash equivalents

Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments such as money market funds and certificates of deposit with an original maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase. Cash equivalents also include amounts due from third-party financial institutions for credit card and debit card transactions. These receivables typically settle in five days or less with little or no default risk.

Fair value of financial instruments

The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments. There was no outstanding debt as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024.

Receivables

Receivables primarily include amounts due from vendors for allowances, royalties and other credit card amounts, and amounts due from third-party gift card providers. The Company does not require collateral on its receivables and does not accrue interest. Credit risk with respect to receivables is limited due to the diversity of vendors comprising the Company’s vendor base. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its vendors and evaluates the collectability of its receivables based on the length of time the receivable is past due and historical experience.

Vendor allowances

The Company receives consideration from vendors for advertising, markdown allowances, purchase volume discounts and rebates, reimbursement for defective merchandise, and certain selling and display expenses. A majority of all vendor allowances are recorded as a reduction of the vendor’s product cost and recognized in cost of sales as the product is sold.

Merchandise inventories

Merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the moving average cost method and includes costs incurred to purchase and distribute goods. Inventory cost also includes vendor allowances related to co-op advertising, markdowns, and volume discounts. The Company maintains an inventory reserve for lower of cost or net realizable value and shrink. The inventory reserve was $ 40,003 and $ 45,360 as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively.

Property and equipment and internal use software Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the assets’ estimated useful lives or lease term. Leasehold improvements purchased after the beginning of the initial lease term are amortized over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives or a term that includes the original lease term, plus any renewals that are reasonably certain at the date the leasehold improvements are acquired. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred to obtain or develop internal use software that are capitalized are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software. Cloud computing arrangements Cloud computing arrangements (software-as-a-service contracts) and related implementation costs that are capitalized are amortized on a straight-line basis over the contract term ( 1 month to 5 years ). These amounts are classified within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Impairment of long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets The asset group is defined as the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available and largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. The asset group identified is at the store level and includes both property and equipment and operating lease assets. Significant estimates are used in determining future cash flows of each store over its remaining lease term including our expectations of future projected cash flows including revenues and operating expenses. An impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. Long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment quarterly or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An undiscounted cash flow analysis is performed over the asset group. Asset groups are written down only to the extent that their carrying value exceeds their respective fair value. Fair values of the asset group are determined by discounting the cash flows at a rate that approximates the cost of capital of a market participant. Management’s forecast of future cash flows is based on the income approach. The fair value of individual right-of-use assets is determined under the market approach using estimated market rent assessments based on broker quotes. The determination of fair value under the income approach requires assumptions including forecasts of future cash flows (such as revenue growth rates and operating expenses) and selection of a market-based discount rate. Estimates of market rent are based on non-binding broker quotes. As these inputs are unobservable, they are classified as Level 3 inputs under the fair value hierarchy. If actual results are not consistent with estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, there may be exposure to additional impairment losses in a future period. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired. The recoverability of goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that impairment may exist (see Note 6, “Goodwill”).

Property and equipment and internal use software

Property and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, and depreciated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the assets’ estimated useful lives or lease term. Leasehold improvements purchased after the beginning of the initial lease term are amortized over the shorter of the assets’ useful lives or a term that includes the original lease term, plus any renewals that are reasonably certain at the date the leasehold improvements are acquired. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.

Costs incurred to obtain or develop internal use software that are capitalized are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software.

Cloud computing arrangements

Cloud computing arrangements (software-as-a-service contracts) and related implementation costs that are capitalized are amortized on a straight-line basis over the contract term ( 1 month to 5 years ). These amounts are classified within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets.

Impairment of long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets

The asset group is defined as the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are available and largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. The asset group identified is at the store level and includes both property and equipment and operating lease assets.

Significant estimates are used in determining future cash flows of each store over its remaining lease term including our expectations of future projected cash flows including revenues and operating expenses. An impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.

Long-lived tangible and right-of-use assets are evaluated for indicators of impairment quarterly or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An undiscounted cash flow analysis is performed over the asset group. Asset groups are written down only to the extent that their carrying value exceeds their respective fair value. Fair values of the asset group are determined by discounting the cash flows at a rate that approximates the cost of capital of a market participant. Management’s forecast of future cash flows is based on the income approach. The fair value of individual right-of-use assets is determined under the market approach using estimated market rent assessments based on broker quotes.

The determination of fair value under the income approach requires assumptions including forecasts of future cash flows (such as revenue growth rates and operating expenses) and selection of a market-based discount rate. Estimates of market rent are based on non-binding broker quotes. As these inputs are unobservable, they are classified as Level 3 inputs under the fair value hierarchy. If actual results are not consistent with estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, there may be exposure to additional impairment losses in a future period.

Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired. The recoverability of goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate that impairment may exist (see Note 6, “Goodwill”).

Other intangible assets Other definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. The recoverability of intangible assets is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable (see Note 7, “Other intangible assets”). Leases The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The lease classification evaluation begins at the lease commencement date. The lease term used in the evaluation includes the non-cancellable period for which the Company has the right to use the underlying asset, together with renewal option periods when the exercise of the renewal option is reasonably certain. Total rent payable is recorded during the lease term, including rent escalations in which the amount of future rent is fixed on the straight-line basis over the term of the lease (including the rent holiday period beginning upon control of the premises and any fixed payments stated in the lease). For leases with an initial term greater than 12 months, a related lease liability is recorded on the balance sheet at the present value of future payments discounted at the estimated fully collateralized incremental borrowing rate (discount rate) corresponding with the lease term. In addition, a right-of-use asset is recorded as the initial amount of the lease liability, plus any lease payments made to the lessor before or at the lease commencement date and any initial direct costs incurred, less any tenant improvement allowance incentives received. Tenant incentives are amortized through the right-of-use asset as reduction of rent expense over the lease term. The difference between the minimum rents paid and the straight-line rent is reflected within the right-of-use asset. Certain leases contain provisions that require variable payments based upon sales volume or payment of common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes, and insurance related to leases (variable lease cost) . Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred. This results in some variability in lease expense as a percentage of revenues over the term of the lease in stores where variable lease costs are paid. Contingent rent is accrued each period as the liabilities are incurred, in addition to the straight-line rent expense. This results in some variability in lease expense as a percentage of revenues over the term of the lease in stores where contingent rent is paid. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (short-term leases) are not recorded on the balance sheet. Short-term lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company subleases certain real estate to third parties for stores with excess square footage space. The Company does not separate lease and non-lease components (e.g., common area maintenance). As the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate corresponding with the lease term. As there are no outstanding borrowings under the Company’s credit facility, this rate is estimated based on prevailing market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and judgment. The incremental borrowing rate is reassessed if there is a change to the lease term or if a modification occurs and it is not accounted for as a separate contract (see Note 8, “Leases”). Loyalty program The Company maintains a loyalty program, Ulta Beauty Rewards, which allows members to earn points based on purchases of merchandise or services. Points earned are valid for at least one year . The loyalty program represents a material right to the customer and points may be redeemed on future products and services. Revenue from the loyalty program is recognized when the members redeem points or points expire. The Company defers revenue related to points earned that have not yet been redeemed. The amount of deferred revenue includes estimates for the standalone selling price of points earned by members and the percentage of points expected to be redeemed. The expected redemption percentage is based on historical redemption patterns and considers current information or trends. The standalone selling price of points earned and the estimated redemption rate is evaluated each reporting period. When a guest redeems points or the points expire, the Company recognizes revenue in net sales on the consolidated statements of income.

Other intangible assets

Other definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives. The recoverability of intangible assets is reviewed whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable (see Note 7, “Other intangible assets”).

Leases

The Company determines whether an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The lease classification evaluation begins at the lease commencement date. The lease term used in the evaluation includes the non-cancellable period for which the Company has the right to use the underlying asset, together with renewal option periods when the exercise of the renewal option is reasonably certain.

Total rent payable is recorded during the lease term, including rent escalations in which the amount of future rent is fixed on the straight-line basis over the term of the lease (including the rent holiday period beginning upon control of the premises and any fixed payments stated in the lease). For leases with an initial term greater than 12 months, a related lease liability is recorded on the balance sheet at the present value of future payments discounted at the estimated fully collateralized incremental borrowing rate (discount rate) corresponding with the lease term. In addition, a right-of-use asset is recorded as the initial amount of the lease liability, plus any lease payments made to the lessor before or at the lease commencement date and any initial direct costs incurred, less any tenant improvement allowance incentives received. Tenant incentives are amortized through the right-of-use asset as reduction of rent expense over the lease term. The difference between the minimum rents paid and the straight-line rent is reflected within the right-of-use asset.

Certain leases contain provisions that require variable payments based upon sales volume or payment of common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes, and insurance related to leases (variable lease cost) . Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred. This results in some variability in lease expense as a percentage of revenues over the term of the lease in stores where variable lease costs are paid. Contingent rent is accrued each period as the liabilities are incurred, in addition to the straight-line rent expense. This results in some variability in lease expense as a percentage of revenues over the term of the lease in stores where contingent rent is paid.

Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less (short-term leases) are not recorded on the balance sheet. Short-term lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company subleases certain real estate to third parties for stores with excess square footage space.

The Company does not separate lease and non-lease components (e.g., common area maintenance).

As the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate corresponding with the lease term. As there are no outstanding borrowings under the Company’s credit facility, this rate is estimated based on prevailing market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and judgment. The incremental borrowing rate is reassessed if there is a change to the lease term or if a modification occurs and it is not accounted for as a separate contract (see Note 8, “Leases”).

Loyalty program

The Company maintains a loyalty program, Ulta Beauty Rewards, which allows members to earn points based on purchases of merchandise or services. Points earned are valid for at least one year . The loyalty program represents a material right to the customer and points may be redeemed on future products and services. Revenue from the loyalty program is recognized when the members redeem points or points expire. The Company defers revenue related to points earned that have not yet been redeemed. The amount of deferred revenue includes estimates for the standalone selling price of points earned by members and the percentage of points expected to be redeemed. The expected redemption percentage is based on historical redemption patterns and considers current information or trends. The standalone selling price of points earned and the estimated redemption rate is evaluated each reporting period. When a guest redeems points or the points expire, the Company recognizes revenue in net sales on the consolidated statements of income.

Credit cards The Company has agreements (the Agreements) with third parties to provide guests with private label credit cards and/or co-branded credit cards (collectively, the Credit Cards). The private label credit card can be used at any store location and online, and the co-branded credit card can be used anywhere the co-branded card is accepted. A third-party financing company is the sole owner of the accounts and underwrites the credit issued under the Credit Card programs. The Company’s performance obligation is to maintain the Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty program as only guests enrolled in the loyalty program can apply for the Credit Cards. Loyalty members earn points through purchases at Ulta Beauty, Ulta Beauty at Target, and anywhere the co-branded credit card is accepted. The Company receives from the third parties various types of incentive payments and expense reimbursements, including for certain credit card program costs such as advertising and loyalty points, which help promote the credit card program. The Company recognizes revenue when collectability is reasonably assured, under the assumption the amounts are not constrained and it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in future periods, which is generally the time at which the actual usage of the Credit Cards or specified transaction occurs. The Company accounts for the amounts associated with the Agreements as a single contract with the sole commercial objective to maintain the Credit Card programs. As a result, all amounts associated with the Agreements are recognized within net sales on the consolidated statements of income. Gift card program The Company records a contract liability for gift card sales which will be redeemed in the future within deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in net sales when the gift card is redeemed for product or services. Gift cards do not expire and do not include service fees that decrease guest balances. The Company maintains historical data related to gift card transactions sold and redeemed over a significant time frame. Gift card breakage (amounts not expected to be redeemed) is recognized to the extent there is no requirement for remitting balances to governmental agencies under unclaimed property laws. Estimated gift card breakage revenue is recognized over time in proportion to actual gift card redemptions. Gift card breakage revenue was $ 24,293 , $ 22,606 , and $ 18,835 in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Revenue recognition Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the guest, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps:     Net sales include retail stores and e-commerce merchandise sales as well as salon services and other revenue. Revenue from merchandise sales at retail stores is recognized at the point of sale, net of estimated returns. Revenue from e-commerce merchandise sales is recognized upon shipment to the guest or guest pickup of the merchandise based on meeting the transfer of control criteria, net of estimated returns. Salon services revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided to the guest. Shipping and handling are treated as costs to fulfill the contract and not a separate performance obligation. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue for its single performance obligation related to e-commerce sales at the time control of the merchandise passes to the customer, which is at the time of shipment or guest pickup. The Company provides refunds for merchandise returns within 30 days from the original purchase date. State sales taxes are presented on a net basis as the Company considers itself a pass-through conduit for collecting and

Credit cards

The Company has agreements (the Agreements) with third parties to provide guests with private label credit cards and/or co-branded credit cards (collectively, the Credit Cards). The private label credit card can be used at any store location and online, and the co-branded credit card can be used anywhere the co-branded card is accepted. A third-party financing company is the sole owner of the accounts and underwrites the credit issued under the Credit Card programs. The Company’s performance obligation is to maintain the Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty program as only guests enrolled in the loyalty program can apply for the Credit Cards. Loyalty members earn points through purchases at Ulta Beauty, Ulta Beauty at Target, and anywhere the co-branded credit card is accepted.

The Company receives from the third parties various types of incentive payments and expense reimbursements, including for certain credit card program costs such as advertising and loyalty points, which help promote the credit card program. The Company recognizes revenue when collectability is reasonably assured, under the assumption the amounts are not constrained and it is probable that a significant revenue reversal will not occur in future periods, which is generally the time at which the actual usage of the Credit Cards or specified transaction occurs.

The Company accounts for the amounts associated with the Agreements as a single contract with the sole commercial objective to maintain the Credit Card programs. As a result, all amounts associated with the Agreements are recognized within net sales on the consolidated statements of income.

Gift card program

The Company records a contract liability for gift card sales which will be redeemed in the future within deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheets and recognized in net sales when the gift card is redeemed for product or services. Gift cards do not expire and do not include service fees that decrease guest balances. The Company maintains historical data related to gift card transactions sold and redeemed over a significant time frame. Gift card breakage (amounts not expected to be redeemed) is recognized to the extent there is no requirement for remitting balances to governmental agencies under unclaimed property laws. Estimated gift card breakage revenue is recognized over time in proportion to actual gift card redemptions. Gift card breakage revenue was $ 24,293 , $ 22,606 , and $ 18,835 in fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the guest, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.

The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps:

Net sales include retail stores and e-commerce merchandise sales as well as salon services and other revenue.

Revenue from merchandise sales at retail stores is recognized at the point of sale, net of estimated returns. Revenue from e-commerce merchandise sales is recognized upon shipment to the guest or guest pickup of the merchandise based on meeting the transfer of control criteria, net of estimated returns. Salon services revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided to the guest. Shipping and handling are treated as costs to fulfill the contract and not a separate performance obligation. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue for its single performance obligation related to e-commerce sales at the time control of the merchandise passes to the customer, which is at the time of shipment or guest pickup. The Company provides refunds for merchandise returns within 30 days from the original purchase date. State sales taxes are presented on a net basis as the Company considers itself a pass-through conduit for collecting and

remitting state sales tax. Company coupons and other incentives are recorded as a reduction of net sales at the point of sale. Advertising Advertising costs primarily consist of print, digital and social media, and television and radio advertising, net of vendor income that is a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs. Costs related to advertising are expensed in the period the related promotional event occurs. Prepaid advertising costs included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets were $ 7,830 and $ 12,708 as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively. Pre-opening expenses Non-capital expenditures incurred prior to the grand opening of a new, remodeled, or relocated store are expensed as incurred. Cost of sales Cost of sales includes the cost of merchandise sold, offset by vendor income that is not a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs; distribution costs including labor and related benefits, freight, rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, and insurance; shipping and handling costs; retail stores occupancy costs including rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance, and licenses; salon services payroll and benefits; and shrink and inventory valuation reserves. Selling, general and administrative expenses Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses includes payroll, bonus, and benefit costs for retail store and corporate employees; advertising and marketing costs, offset by vendor income that is a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs; occupancy costs related to our corporate office facilities; stock-based compensation expense; depreciation and amortization for all assets, except those related to our retail stores and distribution operations, which are included in cost of sales; and legal, finance, information systems, and other corporate overhead costs. Income taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. The amounts reported were derived using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year the differences are expected to reverse. Income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions are recognized only when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The determination is based on the technical merits of the position and presumes that each uncertain tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax positions are recorded in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income (see Note 11, “Income taxes”).

remitting state sales tax. Company coupons and other incentives are recorded as a reduction of net sales at the point of sale.

Advertising

Advertising costs primarily consist of print, digital and social media, and television and radio advertising, net of vendor income that is a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs. Costs related to advertising are expensed in the period the related promotional event occurs.

Prepaid advertising costs included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets were $ 7,830 and $ 12,708 as of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively.

Pre-opening expenses

Non-capital expenditures incurred prior to the grand opening of a new, remodeled, or relocated store are expensed as incurred.

Cost of sales

Cost of sales includes the cost of merchandise sold, offset by vendor income that is not a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs; distribution costs including labor and related benefits, freight, rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, and insurance; shipping and handling costs; retail stores occupancy costs including rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance, and licenses; salon services payroll and benefits; and shrink and inventory valuation reserves.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses includes payroll, bonus, and benefit costs for retail store and corporate employees; advertising and marketing costs, offset by vendor income that is a reimbursement of specific, incremental, and identifiable costs; occupancy costs related to our corporate office facilities; stock-based compensation expense; depreciation and amortization for all assets, except those related to our retail stores and distribution operations, which are included in cost of sales; and legal, finance, information systems, and other corporate overhead costs.

Income taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. The amounts reported were derived using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year the differences are expected to reverse.

Income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions are recognized only when it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The determination is based on the technical merits of the position and presumes that each uncertain tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Penalties and interest related to unrecognized tax positions are recorded in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of income (see Note 11, “Income taxes”).

Stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation expense is measured at grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest. Stock-based compensation expense was $ 42,787 , $ 48,246 , and $ 43,044 in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 14, “Stock-based compensation”). Insurance expense The Company has insurance programs with third party insurers for employee health, workers compensation, and general liability, among others, to limit the Company’s liability exposure. The insurance programs are premium based and include retentions, deductibles, and stop loss coverage. Current stop loss coverage per claim is $ 750 for employee health claims, $ 350 for general liability claims, and $ 350 for workers compensation claims. The Company makes collateral and premium payments during the plan year and accrues expenses in the event additional premium is due from the Company based on actual claim results. UB Insurance, Inc., an Arizona-based wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary of the Company, charges the operating subsidiaries of the Company premiums to insure certain liability exposures. Pursuant to Arizona insurance regulations, UB Insurance, Inc. maintains certain levels of cash and cash equivalents related to its liability exposures. Net income per common share Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents, using the treasury stock method (see Note 15, “Net income per common share”). Recently adopted accounting pronouncements Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosure. The guidance updates reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through requiring enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses and information used to assess segment performance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 in fiscal 2024. Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The guidance includes amendments requiring enhanced income tax disclosures, primarily related to standardization and disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on related disclosures. Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220-40): Expense Disaggregation Disclosures In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220-40): Expense Disaggregation Disclosures. This update requires, among other things, more detailed disclosure about types of expenses in commonly presented expense captions such as cost of sales and SG&A and is intended to improve the disclosures about an entity’s expenses including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods

Stock-based compensation

Stock-based compensation expense is measured at grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest. Stock-based compensation expense was $ 42,787 , $ 48,246 , and $ 43,044 in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 14, “Stock-based compensation”).

Insurance expense

The Company has insurance programs with third party insurers for employee health, workers compensation, and general liability, among others, to limit the Company’s liability exposure. The insurance programs are premium based and include retentions, deductibles, and stop loss coverage. Current stop loss coverage per claim is $ 750 for employee health claims, $ 350 for general liability claims, and $ 350 for workers compensation claims. The Company makes collateral and premium payments during the plan year and accrues expenses in the event additional premium is due from the Company based on actual claim results. UB Insurance, Inc., an Arizona-based wholly owned captive insurance subsidiary of the Company, charges the operating subsidiaries of the Company premiums to insure certain liability exposures. Pursuant to Arizona insurance regulations, UB Insurance, Inc. maintains certain levels of cash and cash equivalents related to its liability exposures.

Net income per common share

Basic net income per common share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share includes dilutive common stock equivalents, using the treasury stock method (see Note 15, “Net income per common share”).

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures

In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosure. The guidance updates reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through requiring enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses and information used to assess segment performance. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 in fiscal 2024.

Recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The guidance includes amendments requiring enhanced income tax disclosures, primarily related to standardization and disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on related disclosures.

Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220-40): Expense Disaggregation Disclosures

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220-40): Expense Disaggregation Disclosures. This update requires, among other things, more detailed disclosure about types of expenses in commonly presented expense captions such as cost of sales and SG&A and is intended to improve the disclosures about an entity’s expenses including purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, and amortization. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods

within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2024-03 on the consolidated financial statements and disclosures.

3. Revenue

Net sales include retail stores and e-commerce merchandise sales as well as salon services and other revenue. Other revenue includes the private label and co-branded credit card programs, royalties derived from the partnership with Target Corporation, and deferred revenue related to the loyalty program and gift card breakage.

Disaggregated revenue

The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of net sales by primary category:

Certain sales departments were reclassified between categories in the prior year to conform to current year presentation, including moving the bath category from Fragrance to Skincare.

Deferred revenue

Deferred revenue primarily represents contract liabilities for the obligation to transfer additional goods or services to a guest for which the Company has received consideration, such as unredeemed Ulta Beauty Rewards loyalty points and unredeemed Ulta Beauty gift cards. In addition, breakage on gift cards is recognized proportionately as redemption occurs.

The following table provides a summary of the changes included in deferred revenue during fiscal 2024 and 2023:

Other amounts included in deferred revenue were $ 7,678 and $ 7,803 at February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively.

4. Prepaid expenses and other assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following:

Other long-term assets consist of the following:

5. Property and equipment

Property and equipment consists of the following:

6. Goodwill

The changes in the carrying amounts of goodwill during the fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

7. Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets subject to amortization consists of the following:

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $ 306 , $ 889 , and $ 1,014 in fiscal 2024, fiscal 2023, and fiscal 2022, respectively.

Estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as follows:

8. Leases

The Company leases retail stores, distribution centers, fast fulfillment centers, market fulfillment centers, corporate offices, and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2037. All leases are classified as operating leases and generally have initial lease terms of 10 years and, when determined applicable, include renewal options under substantially the same terms and conditions as the original leases. Leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.

The following table presents supplemental balance sheet information, the weighted-average remaining lease term, and discount rate for operating leases:

Lease cost The following table presents the components of lease cost for operating leases:  Other information The following table presents supplemental disclosures of cash flow information related to operating leases:  Maturity of lease liabilities The following table presents maturities of operating lease liabilities: Operating lease payments exclude $ 172,561 of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced.

Lease cost

The following table presents the components of lease cost for operating leases:

Other information

The following table presents supplemental disclosures of cash flow information related to operating leases:

Maturity of lease liabilities

The following table presents maturities of operating lease liabilities:

Operating lease payments exclude $ 172,561 of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced.

9. Commitments and contingencies

Contractual obligations – As of February 1, 2025, the Company had various non-cancelable obligations of $ 16,806 primarily due to commitments made to a third party for products and services for our strategic investments related to supply chain optimization and information technology systems. A majority of these agreements are due within three years and are recorded as liabilities when the goods are received or the services are rendered. Payments under these agreements were $ 18,394 in fiscal 2024.

General litigation – The Company is involved in various legal proceedings that are incidental to the conduct of the business including both class action and single plaintiff litigation. In the opinion of management, the amount of any liability with respect to these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

10 . Accrued liabilities

Accrued liabilities consist of the following:

11. Income taxes

The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows: On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was enacted into law, which, among other things, introduced a 15 % corporate alternative minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations and created a 1 % excise tax on net share repurchases. The corporate alternative minimum tax was effective in fiscal 2024 and did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The excise tax applies to share repurchases made after December 31, 2022. Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: At February 1, 2025, the Company had $ 494 of credit carryforwards for state income tax purposes that expire between 2025 and 2028. The Company had $ 41 of state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards that expire by 2038 and $ 117 of state NOL carryforwards that do not expire. The Company also had $ 344 of federal NOL carryforwards that do not expire.

A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows:

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 was enacted into law, which, among other things, introduced a 15 % corporate alternative minimum tax on book income of certain large corporations and created a 1 % excise tax on net share repurchases. The corporate alternative minimum tax was effective in fiscal 2024 and did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. The excise tax applies to share repurchases made after December 31, 2022.

Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

At February 1, 2025, the Company had $ 494 of credit carryforwards for state income tax purposes that expire between 2025 and 2028. The Company had $ 41 of state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards that expire by 2038 and $ 117 of state NOL carryforwards that do not expire. The Company also had $ 344 of federal NOL carryforwards that do not expire.

The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 740-10. The reserve for uncertain tax positions was $ 5,220 and $ 4,060 at February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, respectively, which represents the best estimate of the potential liability. A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, is as follows:

The Company acknowledges that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits may change in the next twelve months. However, it does not expect the change to have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. Income tax-related interest and penalties were insignificant for fiscal 2024 and 2023.

The Company files tax returns in the U.S. federal and state jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal examinations by the Internal Revenue Service for years before 2021 and is no longer subject to examinations by state authorities before 2020.

12 . Debt

On March 13, 2024, the Company entered into Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (as so amended, the Loan Agreement) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and a Lender thereunder; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agent and a Lender; PNC Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent and a Lender; and the other lenders party thereto. The Loan Agreement matures on March 13, 2029, provides maximum revolving loans equal to the lesser of $ 800,000 or a percentage of eligible owned inventory and eligible owned receivables (which borrowing base may, at the election of the Company and satisfaction of certain conditions, include a percentage of qualified cash), contains a $ 50,000 subfacility for letters of credit and allows the Company to increase the revolving facility by an additional $ 200,000 , subject to the consent by each lender and other conditions. The Loan Agreement contains a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 to 1.0 during such periods when availability under the Loan Agreement falls below a specified threshold. Substantially all of the Company’s assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the Loan Agreement. Outstanding borrowings bear interest, at the Company’s election, at either a base rate plus a margin of 0.5 % to 1.0 % or the Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus a margin of 1.5 % to 2.0 %, and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 %, with such margins based on the Company’s borrowing availability, and the unused line fee is 0.25 % to 0.375 % per annum.

As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility.

As of February 1, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all terms and covenants of the Loan Agreement.

13. Fair value measurements

The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximates their estimated fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.

Fair value is measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy, which are described as follows:

As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, there were liabilities related to the non-qualified deferred compensation plan included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets of $ 43,117 and $ 42,653 , respectively. The liabilities are categorized as Level 2 as they are based on third-party reported values, which are based primarily on quoted market prices of underlying assets of the funds within the plan. 14 . Stock-based compensation The Company’s equity incentive plan was adopted in order to attract and retain personnel for positions of substantial authority and to provide additional incentive to employees and directors to promote the success of the business. The Amended and Restated 2011 Incentive Award Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, stock payments, deferred stock, and cash-based awards to employees, consultants, and directors. Unless provided otherwise by the administrator of the plan, options vest over four years at the rate of 25 % per year from the date of grant and must be exercised within ten years . Options are granted with the exercise price equal to the fair value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. As of February 1, 2025, the plan reserves for the issuance upon grant or exercise of awards up to 2,092 shares of common stock. The following table presents information related to stock-based compensation: Stock options Stock-based compensation expense is measured on the grant date based on the fair value of the award. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest. The estimated grant date fair value of stock options was determined using a Black-Scholes valuation model using the following weighted-average assumptions for the periods indicated: The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant for the respective expected life of the option. The expected life represents the time the options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected life of options granted is derived from historical data on Ulta Beauty stock option exercises. Forfeitures of stock options are

As of February 1, 2025 and February 3, 2024, there were liabilities related to the non-qualified deferred compensation plan included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets of $ 43,117 and $ 42,653 , respectively. The liabilities are categorized as Level 2 as they are based on third-party reported values, which are based primarily on quoted market prices of underlying assets of the funds within the plan.

14 . Stock-based compensation

The Company’s equity incentive plan was adopted in order to attract and retain personnel for positions of substantial authority and to provide additional incentive to employees and directors to promote the success of the business.

The Amended and Restated 2011 Incentive Award Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights, stock payments, deferred stock, and cash-based awards to employees, consultants, and directors. Unless provided otherwise by the administrator of the plan, options vest over four years at the rate of 25 % per year from the date of grant and must be exercised within ten years . Options are granted with the exercise price equal to the fair value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. As of February 1, 2025, the plan reserves for the issuance upon grant or exercise of awards up to 2,092 shares of common stock. The following table presents information related to stock-based compensation:

Stock options

Stock-based compensation expense is measured on the grant date based on the fair value of the award. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest. The estimated grant date fair value of stock options was determined using a Black-Scholes valuation model using the following weighted-average assumptions for the periods indicated:

The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company’s common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant for the respective expected life of the option. The expected life represents the time the options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected life of options granted is derived from historical data on Ulta Beauty stock option exercises. Forfeitures of stock options are

estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock option activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. The Company does not currently pay a regular dividend. The following table presents information related to common stock options: At February 1, 2025, there was approximately $ 8,540 of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one and a half years . A summary of stock option activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands): The following table presents information related to stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable at February 1, 2025 based on ranges of exercise prices (shares in thousands): The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options as of February 1, 2025 was $ 29,532 and $ 28,016 , respectively. The last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on February 1, 2025 was $ 412.15 per share.

estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock option activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. The Company does not currently pay a regular dividend.

The following table presents information related to common stock options:

At February 1, 2025, there was approximately $ 8,540 of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options. The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one and a half years .

A summary of stock option activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands):

The following table presents information related to stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable at February 1, 2025 based on ranges of exercise prices (shares in thousands):

The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable stock options as of February 1, 2025 was $ 29,532 and $ 28,016 , respectively. The last reported sale price of the Company’s common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on February 1, 2025 was $ 412.15 per share.

Restricted stock units Restricted stock units (RSUs) are granted to certain employees and directors. Employee grants generally cliff vest after three years and director grants cliff vest after one year . The grant date fair value of RSUs is based on the closing market price of shares of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. RSUs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Forfeitures of RSUs are estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock award activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. At February 1, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs was $ 24,888 . The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one year . A summary of RSU activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands): Performance-based restricted stock units Performance-based restricted stock units (PBSs) are granted to certain employees. PBSs cliff vest after three years based upon achievement of pre-established net sales and earnings before tax goals for each of the first two years . The performance is then subject to a three year total shareholder return modifier. The grant date fair value of the PBSs are measured using a Monte Carlo simulation. PBSs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, based on the probability of achieving the performance goal, with changes in expectations recognized as an adjustment to earnings in the period of the change. If the performance goal is not met, no stock-based compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized stock-based compensation expense is reversed. Forfeitures of PBSs are estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock award activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. At February 1, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to PBSs was $ 10,400 . The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one year . A summary of PBS activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands): The number of PBSs granted is based on achieving the targeted performance goals as defined in the PBS agreements. As of February 1, 2025, the maximum number of units that could vest under the provisions of the agreements was 205 .

Restricted stock units

Restricted stock units (RSUs) are granted to certain employees and directors. Employee grants generally cliff vest after three years and director grants cliff vest after one year . The grant date fair value of RSUs is based on the closing market price of shares of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. RSUs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Forfeitures of RSUs are estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock award activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. At February 1, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs was $ 24,888 . The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one year .

A summary of RSU activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands):

Performance-based restricted stock units

Performance-based restricted stock units (PBSs) are granted to certain employees. PBSs cliff vest after three years based upon achievement of pre-established net sales and earnings before tax goals for each of the first two years . The performance is then subject to a three year total shareholder return modifier. The grant date fair value of the PBSs are measured using a Monte Carlo simulation.

PBSs are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, based on the probability of achieving the performance goal, with changes in expectations recognized as an adjustment to earnings in the period of the change. If the performance goal is not met, no stock-based compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized stock-based compensation expense is reversed. Forfeitures of PBSs are estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of stock award activity and reduce the stock-based compensation expense recognized. At February 1, 2025, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to PBSs was $ 10,400 . The unrecognized stock-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately one year .

A summary of PBS activity is presented in the following table (shares in thousands):

The number of PBSs granted is based on achieving the targeted performance goals as defined in the PBS agreements. As of February 1, 2025, the maximum number of units that could vest under the provisions of the agreements was 205 .

15 . Net income per common share

The following is a reconciliation of net income and the number of shares of common stock used in the computation of net income per basic and diluted common share:

The denominator for diluted net income per common share for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022 excludes 197 , 138 , and 84 employee stock options and restricted stock units, respectively, due to their anti-dilutive effects. Outstanding performance-based restricted stock units are included in the computation of dilutive shares only to the extent that the underlying performance conditions are satisfied prior to the end of the reporting period or would be considered satisfied if the end of the reporting period were the end of the related contingency period and the results would be dilutive under the treasury stock method.

16 . Employee benefit plans

The Company provides a 401(k) retirement plan covering all employees who qualify as to age and length of service. The plan is funded through employee contributions and a Company match of 100 % of the first 3 % of eligible compensation and an additional 50 % match for the next 2 % of eligible compensation. Total expense recorded under this plan is included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income as follows:

The Company also has a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for highly compensated employees whose contributions are limited under qualified defined contribution plans. The plan is funded through employee contributions and a Company match of 100 % of the first 3 % of salary. Amounts contributed and deferred under the plan are credited or charged with the performance of investment options offered under the plan as elected by the participants. In the event of bankruptcy, the assets of this plan are available to satisfy the claims of general creditors. The Company manages the risk of changes in the fair value of the liability for deferred compensation by electing to match its liability under the plan with investment vehicles that offset a substantial portion of its exposure. Total expense recorded under this plan is included in SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of income and was insignificant during fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022.

Amounts included in the consolidated balance sheets related to the deferred compensation plan were as follows:

17. Share repurchase program

In March 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the 2022 Share Repurchase Program) pursuant to which the Company could repurchase up to $ 2,000,000 of the Company’s common stock. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program revoked the previously authorized but unused amounts from the earlier share repurchase program. The 2022 Share Repurchase Program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.

In March 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the March 2024 Share Repurchase Program) pursuant to which the Company could repurchase up to $ 2,000,000 of the Company’s common stock. The March 2024 Share Repurchase Program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amounts from the 2022 Share Repurchase Program. The March 2024 Share Repurchase Program did not have an expiration date but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.

In October 2024, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program (the October 2024 Share Repurchase Program) pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to $ 3,000,000 of the Company’s common stock. The October 2024 Share Repurchase Program authorization revoked the previously authorized but unused amounts from the March 2024 Share Repurchase Program. The October 2024 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.

A summary of common stock repurchase activity is presented in the following table:

18. Segment reporting

The Company operates specialty beauty retail stores in the United States selling cosmetics, fragrance, skincare products, haircare products, wellness products, and services. Nearly every store features a full-service salon. The Company has one operating segment and one reportable segment, both of which include retail stores, salon services, and e-commerce.

The Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer operates as the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) and evaluates performance based on net income that is reported on the consolidated statements of income. The measure of segment assets is reported on the consolidated balance sheets as total assets. The Company’s net sales are generated within the United States and its long-lived assets are located primarily in the United States.

The CODM considers both budget-to-actual and forecast-to-actual variances on a monthly basis for profit measures when assessing performance and making decisions about allocating capital and resources. The CODM also uses net income in competitive analysis by benchmarking to competitors. The competitive analysis along with the monitoring of the financial results are used in assessing performance of the reportable segment and in establishing compensation.

Within the reportable segment, there are significant expense categories regularly provided to the CODM and included in the measure of the segment’s net income as shown below:

Ulta Beauty, Inc. Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (In thousands)

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting

We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to the officers who certify our financial reports and to the members of our senior management and Board of Directors.

Based on management’s evaluation as of February 1, 2025, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management’s annual report on internal control over financial reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by the Board of Directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S generally accepted accounting principles.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025, based on the criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of February 1, 2025. Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2025 and has issued the attestation report included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Changes in internal control over financial reporting

There were no changes to our internal controls over financial reporting during the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

During the 13 weeks ended February 1, 2025, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K .

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

Part III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

The information required by this item with respect to our executive officers is set forth in Part I, Item 4A of this Annual Report on Form 10- K under the caption “Executive Officers.” The additional information required by this item is included under the captions “Corporate Governance – Code of Business Conduct,” “Corporate Governance – Nomination Process – Qualifications,” “Corporate Governance – Proposal One – Election of Directors,” “Corporate Governance – Information About Our Director Nominees,” “Corporate Governance – Insider Trading Policy” and “Corporate Governance – Audit Committee” in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement) and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

We have a code of business conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, and other persons performing similar functions. We have posted a copy of our code of business conduct under “Governance” in the Investor Relations section of our website located at http://ulta.com/investor, and such code of business conduct is available in print, without charge, to any stockholder who requests it from our Corporate Secretary. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waivers from, the code of business conduct by posting such information under “Governance” in the Investor Relations section of our website located at http://ulta.com/investor. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information required by this item is included under the captions “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Corporate Governance – Compensation Committee,” “Corporate Governance – Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors,” and “Corporate Governance – Non-Employee Director Compensation for Fiscal 2024” in the Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included under the caption "Stock Ownership” in the Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference. The information required by this item with respect to compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance as of February 1, 2025 is set forth in Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.”

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this item is included under the captions “Corporate Governance – Independence,” “Corporate Governance – Compensation Committee – Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” and “Certain Relationships and Transactions” in the Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this item is included under the caption “Corporate Governance – Proposal Two – Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – Fees to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference.

Part IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K:

All other financial statement schedules required by Form 10-K have been omitted because they were inapplicable or otherwise not required under the instructions contained in Regulation S-X.

(b) Exhibits

The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

EXHIBIT INDEX

* A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Bolingbrook, State of Illinois, on March 27, 2025.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
