ITEM 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our Common Stock is traded under the symbol FIX on the New York Stock Exchange.

As of February 13, 2026, there were approximately 211 stockholders of record of our Common Stock, and the last reported sale price on that date was $1,337.95 per share.

We expect to continue paying cash dividends quarterly, although there is no assurance as to future dividends because they depend on future earnings, capital requirements, and financial condition. In addition, our credit agreement may limit the amount of dividends we can pay at any time that our Net Leverage Ratio exceeds 2.75 to 1.00.

The following Corporate Performance Graph and related information shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

On March 29, 2007, our Board approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1.0 million shares of our outstanding common stock. Subsequently, the Board has from time to time increased the number of shares that may be acquired under the program and approved extensions of the program. On May 16, 2025, the Board approved an extension to the program by increasing the shares authorized for repurchase by 0.4 million shares. Since the inception of the repurchase program, the Board has approved 11.8 million shares to be repurchased. As of December 31, 2025, we have repurchased a cumulative total of 10.9 million shares at an average price of $50.15 per share under the repurchase program.

The share repurchases will be made from time to time at our discretion in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plans, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The Board may modify, suspend, extend or terminate the program at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 0.4 million shares for approximately $217.9 million, inclusive of the applicable excise tax, at an average price of $489.40 per share.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, we purchased our common shares in the following amounts at the following average prices:

Under our stock incentive plans, employees may elect to have us withhold common shares to satisfy statutory federal, state and local tax withholding obligations arising on the vesting of restricted stock awards and exercise of options. When we withhold these shares, we are required to remit to the appropriate taxing authorities the market price of the shares withheld, which could be deemed a purchase of the common shares by us on the date of withholding.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]
