ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings

We are subject to certain legal and regulatory claims, including lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. We maintain various insurance coverages to minimize financial risk associated with these claims. We have estimated and provided accruals for probable losses and related legal fees associated with certain litigation in our consolidated financial statements. While we cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings, in management’s opinion and based on reports of counsel, any liability arising from these matters individually and in the aggregate will not have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition, after giving effect to provisions already recorded.

In 2023, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $6.8 million from legal developments and settlements that primarily relate to disputes with customers regarding the outcome of completed projects as well as an obligation to perform subcontract work under two executed letters of intent for subsequent projects that we believed were not enforceable. The pre-tax gain of $6.8 million was recorded as an increase in gross profit of $6.6 million, a reduction in SG&A of $0.7 million, an increase in interest income of $1.3 million and an increase in the change in fair value of contingent earn-out obligations expense of $1.8 million in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

As of December 31, 2025, we recorded an accrual for unresolved matters, which is not material to our financial statements, based on our analysis of likely outcomes related to the respective matters; however, it is possible that the ultimate outcome and associated costs will deviate from our estimates and that, in the event of an unexpectedly adverse outcome, we may experience additional costs and expenses in future periods.

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

ITEM 4A. Executive Officers of the Registrant

Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and duly qualified. The following persons serve as executive officers of the Company.

Brian E. Lane, age 68, has served as Chief Executive Officer since December 2011 and as a Director since November 2010. Mr. Lane served as President from December 2011 to December 2025 and as President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2010 until December 2011. Mr. Lane joined the Company in October 2003 and served as Vice President and then Senior Vice President for Region One of the Company until he was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2009. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Lane spent fifteen years at Halliburton, the global service and equipment company devoted to energy, industrial, and government customers. During his tenure at Halliburton, he held various positions in business development, strategy, and project initiatives. He departed as the Regional Director of Europe and Africa. Mr. Lane’s additional experience included serving as a Regional Director of Capstone Turbine Corporation, a distributed power manufacturer. He also was a Vice President of Kvaerner, an international engineering and construction company where he focused on the chemical industry. Mr. Lane is a member of the Board of Directors of Main Street Capital Corporation and previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Griffin Dewatering Corporation. Mr. Lane earned a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of Notre Dame and his MBA from Boston College.

William George, age 61, has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since May 2005, was our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 1998 to May 2005, and was our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from March 1997 to April 1998. Since October 2011, Mr. George has also served as Regional Vice President. Mr. George was a member of our founding management team in connection with our formation in 1997. From October 1995 to February 1997, Mr. George was Vice President and General Counsel of American Medical Response, Inc., a publicly-traded healthcare transportation company. From September 1992 to September 1995, Mr. George practiced corporate and antitrust law at Ropes & Gray, a Boston, Massachusetts, law firm. Mr. George holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from Brigham Young University and a Juris Doctorate from Harvard Law School.

Trent T. McKenna, age 53, has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2026. Prior to his current position, Mr. McKenna served as Chief Operating Officer for the Company from January 2022 to December 2025. Mr. McKenna also served in various roles at the Company since 2004, including Senior Vice President, Vice President – Region 4, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining the Company, from February 1999 to August 2004, Mr. McKenna was a practicing attorney in the area of complex commercial litigation in the Houston, Texas, office of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, an international law firm. Mr. McKenna earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Brigham Young University and his Juris Doctorate from Duke University School of Law.

Julie S. Shaeff, age 60, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2005, was our Vice President and Corporate Controller from March 2002 to May 2005, and was our Assistant Corporate Controller from September 1999 to February 2002. From 1996 to August 1999, Ms. Shaeff was Financial Accounting Manager—Corporate Controllers Group for Browning-Ferris Industries, Inc., a publicly-traded waste services company. From 1987 to 1995, she held various positions with Arthur Andersen LLP. Ms. Shaeff is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from Texas A&M University.

Rachel R. Eslicker, age 35, has served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for the Company since December 2025. Prior to her current position, Ms. Eslicker served as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary from January 2023 to December 2025 and as Senior Corporate Counsel from January 2019 to December 2022. Ms. Eslicker started her career as an associate in the Mergers and Acquisitions and Capital Markets department of the Houston, Texas, office of Vinson & Elkins LLP. Ms. Eslicker holds Bachelor of Arts degrees in Government and History from the University of Texas and a Juris Doctorate from Duke University School of Law.

Terrence Reed , age 66, has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since January 2024 and formerly served as Senior Vice President of People and Leadership Development from March 2021 to

December 2023. Mr. Reed joined the Company after working in various senior manufacturing and HR leadership positions in several organizations, including Koch Engineered Solutions and Buckeye Technologies. Mr. Reed is a graduate of the University of South Alabama, where he completed studies in Mechanical Engineering, and is a former US Army officer.

PART II
