ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Comfort Systems USA, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Comfort Systems USA, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 19, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers – Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

The Company recognizes revenue based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The Company generally uses a cost-to-cost input method to measure progress for its contracts, as it depicts the transfer of assets to the customer that occurs as the Company incurs costs, which include labor, materials, subcontractors’ costs, other direct costs, and an allocation of indirect costs. Under the cost-to-cost measure of progress, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenue, including estimated fees or profits, is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred.

The cost-to-cost input method of accounting is also affected by changes in job performance, job conditions, and final contract settlements. These factors may result in revisions to estimated costs and, therefore, revenue. Such revisions are

frequently based on further estimates and subjective assessments. Variations from estimated project costs could have a significant impact on operating results, depending on project size, and the recoverability of the variation from change orders collected from customers.

Given the judgments necessary to account for the Company’s contracts with customers, specifically the estimates of total costs that will be incurred at contract completion, which are complex and subject to many variables, auditing the corresponding balances and related accounting estimates required extensive audit effort due to the complexity of these estimates, and a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures.

How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to management’s estimates and judgments included within the Company’s estimated total costs at completion for its contracts with customers included the following, among others:

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Houston, Texas

February 19, 2026

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021.

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In Thousands, Except Share Amounts)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(In Thousands, Except Share Amounts)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In Thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

December 31, 2025

1. Business and Organization

Comfort Systems USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation, provides comprehensive mechanical and electrical contracting services, which principally includes heating, ventilation and air conditioning (“HVAC”), plumbing, electrical, piping and controls, as well as off-site construction, monitoring and fire protection. We build, install, maintain, repair and replace mechanical, electrical and plumbing (“MEP”) systems throughout the United States. Approximately 63.2 % of our consolidated 2025 revenue is attributable to installation of systems in newly constructed facilities, with the remaining 36.8 % attributable to renovation, expansion, maintenance, repair and replacement services in existing buildings. The terms “Comfort Systems,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company,” refer to Comfort Systems USA, Inc. or Comfort Systems USA, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, as appropriate in the context.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates

Principles of Consolidation

These financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our subsidiaries in which we have a controlling interest. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. The effects of the reclassification were not material to the consolidated financial statements.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions by management in determining the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses and disclosures regarding contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The most significant estimates used in our financial statements affect revenue and cost recognition for construction contracts, self-insurance accruals, accounting for income taxes, fair value accounting for acquisitions and the quantification of fair value for reporting units in connection with our goodwill impairment testing.

Cash Flow Information

We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

Cash paid (in thousands) for:

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” This standard requires entities to disclose more detailed information in the reconciliation of their statutory tax rate to their effective tax rate. The standard also requires entities to make additional disclosures on income taxes paid as well as on certain income statement-related disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 . We adopted this standard beginning with our 2025 annual reporting and applied the requirements of the standard retrospectively to all periods presented. There was no impact of adoption on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but our disclosure in Note 11, “Income Taxes,” has been updated to conform with the requirements of ASU 2023-09. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.” The standard requires entities to disclose, on an annual and interim basis, disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items in the notes to the financial statements. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the standard prospectively or may elect retrospective application. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2024-03 will have on our disclosures; however, the standard will not have an impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operation or cash flows. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue over time for all of our services as we perform them because (i) control continuously transfers to the customer as work progresses, and (ii) we have the right to bill the customer as costs are incurred. The customer typically controls the work in process, as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date, plus a reasonable profit, for delivery of products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company. For the reasons listed above, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use a cost-to-cost input method to measure our progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation for our contracts, as it best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer that occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost input method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenue, including estimated fees or profits, is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials, subcontractors’ costs, other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs. For a small portion of our business in which our services are delivered in the form of service maintenance agreements for existing systems to be repaired and maintained, as opposed to constructed, our performance obligation is to maintain the customer’s mechanical system for a specific period of time. As with construction jobs, we recognize revenue over time; however, for service maintenance agreements in which the full cost to provide services may not be known, we generally use an input method to recognize revenue, which is based on the amount of time we have provided our services out of the total time we have been contracted to perform those services. Our revenue recognition policy is further discussed in Note 3 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.” Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses We are required to estimate and record the expected credit losses over the contractual life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost, including billed and unbilled accounts receivable, other receivables and contract assets. Accounts receivable include amounts from work completed in which we have billed or have an unconditional right to bill our customers. Our trade receivables are contractually due in less than a year.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” This standard requires entities to disclose more detailed information in the reconciliation of their statutory tax rate to their effective tax rate. The standard also requires entities to make additional disclosures on income taxes paid as well as on certain income statement-related disclosures. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 . We adopted this standard beginning with our 2025 annual reporting and applied the requirements of the standard retrospectively to all periods presented. There was no impact of adoption on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows, but our disclosure in Note 11, “Income Taxes,” has been updated to conform with the requirements of ASU 2023-09.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses.” The standard requires entities to disclose, on an annual and interim basis, disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items in the notes to the financial statements. ASU 2024-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. Entities may apply the standard prospectively or may elect retrospective application. We are currently evaluating the impact ASU 2024-03 will have on our disclosures; however, the standard will not have an impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operation or cash flows.

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue over time for all of our services as we perform them because (i) control continuously transfers to the customer as work progresses, and (ii) we have the right to bill the customer as costs are incurred. The customer typically controls the work in process, as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date, plus a reasonable profit, for delivery of products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company.

For the reasons listed above, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. We generally use a cost-to-cost input method to measure our progress towards satisfaction of the performance obligation for our contracts, as it best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer that occurs as we incur costs on our contracts. Under the cost-to-cost input method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. Revenue, including estimated fees or profits, is recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Costs to fulfill include labor, materials, subcontractors’ costs, other direct costs and an allocation of indirect costs.

For a small portion of our business in which our services are delivered in the form of service maintenance agreements for existing systems to be repaired and maintained, as opposed to constructed, our performance obligation is to maintain the customer’s mechanical system for a specific period of time. As with construction jobs, we recognize revenue over time; however, for service maintenance agreements in which the full cost to provide services may not be known, we generally use an input method to recognize revenue, which is based on the amount of time we have provided our services out of the total time we have been contracted to perform those services. Our revenue recognition policy is further discussed in Note 3 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.”

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses

We are required to estimate and record the expected credit losses over the contractual life of our financial assets measured at amortized cost, including billed and unbilled accounts receivable, other receivables and contract assets. Accounts receivable include amounts from work completed in which we have billed or have an unconditional right to bill our customers. Our trade receivables are contractually due in less than a year.

We estimate our credit losses using a loss-rate method for each of our identified portfolio segments. Our portfolio segments are construction, service and other. While our construction and service financial assets are often with the same subset of customers and industries, our construction financial assets will generally have a lower loss-rate than service financial assets due to lien rights, which we are more likely to have on construction jobs. These lien rights result in lower credit loss expenses on average compared to receivables that do not have lien rights. Financial assets classified as “other” include receivables that are not related to our core revenue producing activities, such as receivables related to our acquisition activity from former owners, our vendor rebate program or receivables for estimated losses in excess of our insurance deductible, which are accrued with a corresponding accrued insurance liability. Loss rates for our portfolios are based on numerous factors, including our history of credit loss expense by portfolio, the financial strength of our customers and counterparties in each portfolio, the aging of our receivables, our expectation of likelihood of payment, macroeconomic trends in the U.S. and the current and forecasted nonresidential construction market trends in the U.S. In addition to the loss-rate calculations discussed above, we also record allowance for credit losses for specific receivables that are deemed to have a higher risk profile than the rest of the respective pool of receivables ( e.g. , when we have concerns about a specific customer going bankrupt and no longer being able to pay the receivables due to us). Activity in our allowance for credit losses consisted of the following (in thousands): Unbilled Accounts Receivable Unbilled accounts receivable are amounts due to us that we have earned under a contract where our right to payment is unconditional. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due. These items are expected to be billed and collected in the normal course of business. Other unbilled receivables where payment is subject to factors beyond just the passage of time are included in contract assets. Inventories Inventories consist of parts and supplies that we purchase and hold for use in the ordinary course of business and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the average-cost method. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, and depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and amortized over the lesser of the expected life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which extend the useful lives of existing equipment, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the equipment. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in “Gain on Sale of Assets” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

We estimate our credit losses using a loss-rate method for each of our identified portfolio segments. Our portfolio segments are construction, service and other. While our construction and service financial assets are often with the same subset of customers and industries, our construction financial assets will generally have a lower loss-rate than service financial assets due to lien rights, which we are more likely to have on construction jobs. These lien rights result in lower credit loss expenses on average compared to receivables that do not have lien rights. Financial assets classified as “other” include receivables that are not related to our core revenue producing activities, such as receivables related to our acquisition activity from former owners, our vendor rebate program or receivables for estimated losses in excess of our insurance deductible, which are accrued with a corresponding accrued insurance liability.

Loss rates for our portfolios are based on numerous factors, including our history of credit loss expense by portfolio, the financial strength of our customers and counterparties in each portfolio, the aging of our receivables, our expectation of likelihood of payment, macroeconomic trends in the U.S. and the current and forecasted nonresidential construction market trends in the U.S.

In addition to the loss-rate calculations discussed above, we also record allowance for credit losses for specific receivables that are deemed to have a higher risk profile than the rest of the respective pool of receivables ( e.g. , when we have concerns about a specific customer going bankrupt and no longer being able to pay the receivables due to us).

Activity in our allowance for credit losses consisted of the following (in thousands):

Unbilled Accounts Receivable

Unbilled accounts receivable are amounts due to us that we have earned under a contract where our right to payment is unconditional. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due. These items are expected to be billed and collected in the normal course of business. Other unbilled receivables where payment is subject to factors beyond just the passage of time are included in contract assets.

Inventories

Inventories consist of parts and supplies that we purchase and hold for use in the ordinary course of business and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the average-cost method.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost, and depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and amortized over the lesser of the expected life of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset.

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense when incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which extend the useful lives of existing equipment, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the equipment. Upon retirement or disposition of property and equipment, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in “Gain on Sale of Assets” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Recoverability of Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets Goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses. We assess goodwill for impairment each year, and more frequently if circumstances suggest an impairment may have occurred. When the carrying value of a given reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recorded for this difference, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The requirements for assessing whether goodwill has been impaired involve market-based information. This information, and its use in assessing goodwill, entails some degree of subjective assessment. We perform our annual impairment testing as of October 1, and any impairment charges resulting from this process are reported in the fourth quarter. We segregate our operations into reporting units based on the degree of operating and financial independence of each unit and our related management of them. We perform our annual goodwill impairment testing at the reporting unit level. We perform a goodwill impairment review for each of our operating units, as we have determined that each of our operating units are reporting units. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one of our reporting units is greater than its carrying value. If, after completing such assessment, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then there is no need to perform any further testing. If we conclude otherwise, or if we elect to perform a quantitative assessment, then we calculate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare the fair value with the carrying value of the reporting unit. We estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on a market approach and an income approach, which utilizes discounted future cash flows. Assumptions critical to the fair value estimates under the discounted cash flow model include discount rates, cash flow projections, projected long-term growth rates and the determination of terminal values. The market approach utilizes market multiples of invested capital from comparable publicly traded companies (“public company approach”). The market multiples from invested capital include revenue, book equity plus debt and earnings before interest, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”). We amortize identifiable intangible assets with finite lives over their useful lives. Changes in strategy and/or market condition may result in adjustments to recorded intangible asset balances or their useful lives. Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets are comprised principally of identifiable intangible assets, property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets and deferred tax assets. We periodically evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate that the remaining balances of these assets may not be recoverable. We use estimates of future undiscounted cash flows, as well as other economic and business factors, to assess the recoverability of these assets. Acquisitions We recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, including contingent assets and liabilities, based on fair value estimates as of the date of acquisition. Contingent Consideration —In certain acquisitions, we agree to pay additional amounts to sellers contingent upon achievement by the acquired businesses of certain predetermined profitability targets. We have recognized liabilities for these contingent obligations based on their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition with any differences between the acquisition date fair value and the ultimate settlement of the obligations being recognized in income in the period of the change. Contingent Assets and Liabilities —Assets and liabilities arising from contingencies are recognized at their acquisition date fair value when their respective fair values are determinable. Acquisition date fair value estimates are revised as necessary if, and when, additional information regarding these contingencies becomes available to further define and quantify assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

Recoverability of Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets

Goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of acquired businesses. We assess goodwill for impairment each year, and more frequently if circumstances suggest an impairment may have occurred.

When the carrying value of a given reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recorded for this difference, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The requirements for assessing whether goodwill has been impaired involve market-based information. This information, and its use in assessing goodwill, entails some degree of subjective assessment.

We perform our annual impairment testing as of October 1, and any impairment charges resulting from this process are reported in the fourth quarter. We segregate our operations into reporting units based on the degree of operating and financial independence of each unit and our related management of them. We perform our annual goodwill impairment testing at the reporting unit level. We perform a goodwill impairment review for each of our operating units, as we have determined that each of our operating units are reporting units.

In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one of our reporting units is greater than its carrying value. If, after completing such assessment, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then there is no need to perform any further testing. If we conclude otherwise, or if we elect to perform a quantitative assessment, then we calculate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare the fair value with the carrying value of the reporting unit.

We estimate the fair value of the reporting unit based on a market approach and an income approach, which utilizes discounted future cash flows. Assumptions critical to the fair value estimates under the discounted cash flow model include discount rates, cash flow projections, projected long-term growth rates and the determination of terminal values. The market approach utilizes market multiples of invested capital from comparable publicly traded companies (“public company approach”). The market multiples from invested capital include revenue, book equity plus debt and earnings before interest, provision for income taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”).

We amortize identifiable intangible assets with finite lives over their useful lives. Changes in strategy and/or market condition may result in adjustments to recorded intangible asset balances or their useful lives.

Long-Lived Assets

Long-lived assets are comprised principally of identifiable intangible assets, property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets and deferred tax assets. We periodically evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate that the remaining balances of these assets may not be recoverable. We use estimates of future undiscounted cash flows, as well as other economic and business factors, to assess the recoverability of these assets.

Acquisitions

We recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, including contingent assets and liabilities, based on fair value estimates as of the date of acquisition.

Contingent Consideration —In certain acquisitions, we agree to pay additional amounts to sellers contingent upon achievement by the acquired businesses of certain predetermined profitability targets. We have recognized liabilities for these contingent obligations based on their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition with any differences between the acquisition date fair value and the ultimate settlement of the obligations being recognized in income in the period of the change.

Contingent Assets and Liabilities —Assets and liabilities arising from contingencies are recognized at their acquisition date fair value when their respective fair values are determinable. Acquisition date fair value estimates are revised as necessary if, and when, additional information regarding these contingencies becomes available to further define and quantify assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

Self-Insurance Liabilities We are substantially self-insured for workers’ compensation, employer’s liability, auto liability, general liability and employee group health claims, in view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. Losses are estimated and accrued based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages. Estimated losses in excess of our deductible, which have not already been paid, are included in our accrual with a corresponding receivable from our insurance carrier. Loss estimates associated with the larger and longer-developing risks, such as workers’ compensation, auto liability and general liability, are reviewed by a third-party actuary quarterly. Our self-insurance arrangements are further discussed in Note 13 “Commitments and Contingencies.” Warranty Costs We typically warrant labor for the first year after installation on new MEP systems that we build and install, and we pass through to the customer manufacturers’ warranties on equipment. We generally warrant labor for thirty days after servicing existing MEP systems. A reserve for warranty costs is estimated and recorded based upon the historical level of warranty claims and management’s estimate of future costs. Income Taxes We conduct business throughout the United States in virtually all fifty states. Our effective tax rate changes based upon our relative profitability, or lack thereof, in the federal and various state jurisdictions with differing tax rates and rules. In addition, discrete items such as tax law changes, judgments and legal structures can impact our effective tax rate. These items can also include the tax treatment for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, changes in fair value of acquisition-related assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and accounting for losses associated with underperforming operations. Income taxes are provided for under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, taxable income in prior carryback years and tax planning strategies. Management’s judgment is required in considering the relative weight of negative and positive evidence. We record uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process in which (i) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority. To the extent interest and penalties may be assessed by taxing authorities on any underpayment of income taxes, such amounts are accrued and classified as a component in the provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Concentrations of Credit Risk We provide services in a broad range of geographic regions. Our credit risk primarily consists of receivables from a variety of customers, including general contractors, property owners and developers, and commercial and industrial companies. We are subject to potential credit risk related to changes in business and economic factors throughout the United States within the nonresidential construction industry. However, we are entitled to payment for work performed and have certain lien rights related to that work. Further, we believe that our contract acceptance, billing and collection policies are adequate to manage potential credit risk. We regularly review our accounts receivable and

Self-Insurance Liabilities

We are substantially self-insured for workers’ compensation, employer’s liability, auto liability, general liability and employee group health claims, in view of the relatively high per-incident deductibles we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. Losses are estimated and accrued based upon known facts, historical trends and industry averages. Estimated losses in excess of our deductible, which have not already been paid, are included in our accrual with a corresponding receivable from our insurance carrier. Loss estimates associated with the larger and longer-developing risks, such as workers’ compensation, auto liability and general liability, are reviewed by a third-party actuary quarterly. Our self-insurance arrangements are further discussed in Note 13 “Commitments and Contingencies.”

Warranty Costs

We typically warrant labor for the first year after installation on new MEP systems that we build and install, and we pass through to the customer manufacturers’ warranties on equipment. We generally warrant labor for thirty days after servicing existing MEP systems. A reserve for warranty costs is estimated and recorded based upon the historical level of warranty claims and management’s estimate of future costs.

Income Taxes

We conduct business throughout the United States in virtually all fifty states. Our effective tax rate changes based upon our relative profitability, or lack thereof, in the federal and various state jurisdictions with differing tax rates and rules. In addition, discrete items such as tax law changes, judgments and legal structures can impact our effective tax rate. These items can also include the tax treatment for impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, changes in fair value of acquisition-related assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and accounting for losses associated with underperforming operations.

Income taxes are provided for under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, taxable income in prior carryback years and tax planning strategies. Management’s judgment is required in considering the relative weight of negative and positive evidence.

We record uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process in which (i) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant taxing authority.

To the extent interest and penalties may be assessed by taxing authorities on any underpayment of income taxes, such amounts are accrued and classified as a component in the provision for income taxes in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Concentrations of Credit Risk

We provide services in a broad range of geographic regions. Our credit risk primarily consists of receivables from a variety of customers, including general contractors, property owners and developers, and commercial and industrial companies. We are subject to potential credit risk related to changes in business and economic factors throughout the United States within the nonresidential construction industry. However, we are entitled to payment for work performed and have certain lien rights related to that work. Further, we believe that our contract acceptance, billing and collection policies are adequate to manage potential credit risk. We regularly review our accounts receivable and

estimate an allowance for credit losses. We have a diverse customer base, with our top customer representing 12.8 % of consolidated 2025 revenue and 10.2 % of total receivables as of December 31, 2025.

Financial Instruments

Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury bills, accounts receivable, other receivables and accounts payable, for which we deem the carrying values approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments, as well as notes to former owners and a revolving credit facility.

Investments

As of December 31, 2025, we had a $ 34.4 million investment in U.S. Treasury bills with maturities greater than ninety days but less than one year , which are recorded at amortized cost and is included in “Prepaid Expenses and Other” in our Consolidated Balance Sheet.

3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Sales-based taxes are excluded from revenue.

We provide mechanical and electrical contracting services. Our mechanical segment principally includes HVAC, plumbing, piping and controls, as well as off‐site construction, monitoring and fire protection. Our electrical segment includes installation and servicing of electrical systems. We build, install, maintain, repair and replace products and systems throughout the United States. All of our revenue is recognized over time as we deliver goods and services to our customers. Revenue can be earned based on an agreed-upon fixed price or based on actual costs incurred, marked up at an agreed-upon percentage.

For fixed price agreements, we use the cost-to-cost input method of accounting under which contract revenue recognizable at any time during the life of a contract is determined by multiplying expected total contract revenue by the percentage of contract costs incurred at any time to total estimated contract costs. More specifically, as part of the negotiation and bidding process to obtain installation contracts, we estimate our contract costs, which include all direct materials, labor and subcontract costs and indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs. These contract costs are included in our results of operations under the caption “Cost of Services.” Then, as we perform under those contracts, we measure costs incurred, compare them to total estimated costs to complete the contract and recognize a corresponding proportion of contract revenue. Labor costs are considered to be incurred as the work is performed. Subcontractor labor is recognized as the work is performed. Non‐labor project costs consist of purchased equipment, prefabricated materials and other materials. Purchased equipment on our projects is substantially produced to job specifications, normally installed shortly after receipt and is a value-added element to our work. Prefabricated materials, such as ductwork and piping, are generally made at our shops and recognized as contract costs when fabricated for the unique specifications of the job. Other materials costs are generally recorded when delivered to the work site. This measurement and comparison process requires updates to the estimate of total costs to complete the contract, and these updates may include subjective assessments and judgments.

We account for a contract when: (i) it has approval and commitment from both parties, (ii) the rights of the parties are identified, (iii) payment terms are identified, (iv) the contract has commercial substance, and (v) collectability of consideration is probable. We consider the start of a project to be when the above criteria have been met and we either have written authorization from the customer to proceed or an executed contract.

Selling, marketing and estimation costs incurred in relation to selling contracts are expensed as incurred. On rare occasions, we may incur significant expenses related to selling a contract that we only incurred because we sold that contract. If this occurs, we capitalize that cost and amortize it on a completion percentage basis over the life of the contract. We do not currently have any capitalized selling, marketing, or estimation costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and did not incur any impairment loss on such costs in the current year.

We generally do not incur significant incremental costs related to obtaining or fulfilling a contract prior to the start of a project. On rare occasions, when significant pre-contract costs are incurred, they are capitalized and amortized

over the life of the contract using a cost-to-cost input method to measure progress towards contract completion. We do not currently have any capitalized obtainment or fulfillment costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and have not incurred any impairment loss on such costs in the current year. Project contracts typically provide for a schedule of billings or invoices to the customer based on our job-to-date completion percentage of specific tasks inherent in the fulfillment of our performance obligation(s). The schedules for such billings usually do not precisely match the schedule on which costs are incurred. As a result, contract revenue recognized in our Consolidated Statement of Operations can, and usually does, differ from amounts that can be billed or invoiced to the customer at any point during the contract. Amounts by which cumulative contract revenue recognized on a contract as of a given date exceed cumulative billings and unbilled receivables to the customer under the contract are reflected as a current asset in our Consolidated Balance Sheet under the caption “Costs and Estimated Earnings in Excess of Billings.” Amounts by which cumulative billings to the customer under a contract as of a given date exceed cumulative contract revenue recognized on the contract are reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet under the caption “Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated Earnings and Deferred Revenue.” Accounts receivable include amounts billed to customers under retention or retainage provisions in construction contracts. Such provisions are standard in our industry and usually allow for a small portion of progress billings or the contract price to be withheld by the customer until after we have completed work on the project, typically for a period of six months . Based on our experience with similar contracts in recent years, the majority of our billings for such retention balances at each Balance Sheet date are finalized and collected within the subsequent year. Retention balances at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 506.5 million and $ 329.2 million, respectively, and are included in accounts receivable. Accounts payable at December 31, 2025 and 2024 included $ 83.1 million and $ 50.9 million of retainage under terms of contracts with subcontractors, respectively. The majority of the retention balances at each Balance Sheet date are finalized and paid within the subsequent year. The cost-to-cost input method of accounting is also affected by changes in job performance, job conditions, and final contract settlements. These factors may result in revisions to estimated costs and, therefore, revenue. Such revisions are frequently based on further estimates and subjective assessments. The effects of these revisions are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. When such revisions lead to a conclusion that a loss will be recognized on a contract, the full amount of the estimated ultimate loss is recognized in the period such conclusion is reached, regardless of the completion percentage of the contract. Revisions to project costs and conditions can give rise to change orders under which there is an agreement between the customer and us that the customer pays an additional or reduced contract price. Revisions can also result in claims we might make against the customer to recover project variances that have not been satisfactorily addressed through change orders with the customer. The amount of revenue associated with unapproved change orders and claims was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Variations from estimated project costs could have a significant impact on our operating results, depending on project size, and the recoverability of the variation from change orders collected from customers. We typically invoice our customers with payment terms of net due in 30 days . It is common in the construction industry for a contract to specify more lenient payment terms allowing the customer 45 to 60 days to make their payment. It is also common for a contract in the construction industry to specify that a general contractor is not required to submit payments to a subcontractor until it has received those funds from the owner or funding source. In most instances, we receive payment of our invoices within between 30 to 90 days of the date of the invoice. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. To determine the proper revenue recognition method for contracts, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one performance obligation and whether the combined or single contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment and the

over the life of the contract using a cost-to-cost input method to measure progress towards contract completion. We do not currently have any capitalized obtainment or fulfillment costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet and have not incurred any impairment loss on such costs in the current year.

Project contracts typically provide for a schedule of billings or invoices to the customer based on our job-to-date completion percentage of specific tasks inherent in the fulfillment of our performance obligation(s). The schedules for such billings usually do not precisely match the schedule on which costs are incurred. As a result, contract revenue recognized in our Consolidated Statement of Operations can, and usually does, differ from amounts that can be billed or invoiced to the customer at any point during the contract. Amounts by which cumulative contract revenue recognized on a contract as of a given date exceed cumulative billings and unbilled receivables to the customer under the contract are reflected as a current asset in our Consolidated Balance Sheet under the caption “Costs and Estimated Earnings in Excess of Billings.” Amounts by which cumulative billings to the customer under a contract as of a given date exceed cumulative contract revenue recognized on the contract are reflected as a current liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet under the caption “Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated Earnings and Deferred Revenue.”

Accounts receivable include amounts billed to customers under retention or retainage provisions in construction contracts. Such provisions are standard in our industry and usually allow for a small portion of progress billings or the contract price to be withheld by the customer until after we have completed work on the project, typically for a period of six months . Based on our experience with similar contracts in recent years, the majority of our billings for such retention balances at each Balance Sheet date are finalized and collected within the subsequent year. Retention balances at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 506.5 million and $ 329.2 million, respectively, and are included in accounts receivable.

Accounts payable at December 31, 2025 and 2024 included $ 83.1 million and $ 50.9 million of retainage under terms of contracts with subcontractors, respectively. The majority of the retention balances at each Balance Sheet date are finalized and paid within the subsequent year.

The cost-to-cost input method of accounting is also affected by changes in job performance, job conditions, and final contract settlements. These factors may result in revisions to estimated costs and, therefore, revenue. Such revisions are frequently based on further estimates and subjective assessments. The effects of these revisions are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. When such revisions lead to a conclusion that a loss will be recognized on a contract, the full amount of the estimated ultimate loss is recognized in the period such conclusion is reached, regardless of the completion percentage of the contract.

Revisions to project costs and conditions can give rise to change orders under which there is an agreement between the customer and us that the customer pays an additional or reduced contract price. Revisions can also result in claims we might make against the customer to recover project variances that have not been satisfactorily addressed through change orders with the customer. The amount of revenue associated with unapproved change orders and claims was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

Variations from estimated project costs could have a significant impact on our operating results, depending on project size, and the recoverability of the variation from change orders collected from customers.

We typically invoice our customers with payment terms of net due in 30 days . It is common in the construction industry for a contract to specify more lenient payment terms allowing the customer 45 to 60 days to make their payment. It is also common for a contract in the construction industry to specify that a general contractor is not required to submit payments to a subcontractor until it has received those funds from the owner or funding source. In most instances, we receive payment of our invoices within between 30 to 90 days of the date of the invoice.

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied.

To determine the proper revenue recognition method for contracts, we evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one performance obligation and whether the combined or single contract should be accounted for as more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires significant judgment and the

decision to combine a group of contracts or separate the combined or single contract into multiple performance obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. For most of our contracts, the customer contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability (even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units). Hence, the entire contract is accounted for as one performance obligation. Less commonly, however, we may promise to provide distinct goods or services within a contract, in which case we separate the contract into more than one performance obligation. If a contract is separated into more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. We infrequently sell standard products with observable standalone sales. In such cases, the observable standalone sales are used to determine the standalone selling price. More frequently, we sell a customized, customer-specific solution, and, in these cases, we typically use the expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. We recognize revenue over time for all of our services as we perform them because (i) control continuously transfers to the customer as work progresses, and (ii) we have the right to bill the customer as costs are incurred. The customer typically controls the work in process, as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date plus a reasonable profit to deliver products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company. Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion (the process described below in more detail) is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgment. The consideration to which we are entitled on our long-term contracts may include both fixed and variable amounts. Variable amounts can either increase or decrease the transaction price. A common example of variable amounts that can either increase or decrease contract value are pending change orders that represent contract modifications for which a change in scope has been authorized or acknowledged by our customer, but the final adjustment to contract price is yet to be negotiated. Other examples of positive variable revenue include amounts awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost of completion date targets and can be based upon customer discretion. Variable amounts can result in a deduction from contract revenue if we fail to meet stated performance requirements, such as complying with the construction schedule. We include estimated amounts of variable consideration in the contract price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determinatio n of whether to include estimated amounts in the contract price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. We reassess the amount of variable consideration each accounting period until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Changes in the assessed amount of variable consideration are accounted for prospectively as a cumulative adjustment to revenue recognized in the current period. Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing performance obligation(s). The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price, and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase or decrease) on a cumulative catch-up basis. We have a Company-wide policy requiring periodic review of the Estimate at Completion in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations and estimated remaining obligations. As part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities and the related changes in estimates of revenue and costs. The risks and opportunities include management's judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule ( e.g. , the number and type of milestone events), technical requirements ( e.g. , a newly developed product versus a mature product) and other contract requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance obligation ( e.g. , to estimate increases in wages and prices for materials and related support cost allocations), execution by our subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from our customer, and overhead cost rates, among other variables.

decision to combine a group of contracts or separate the combined or single contract into multiple performance obligations could change the amount of revenue and profit recorded in a given period. For most of our contracts, the customer contracts with us to provide a significant service of integrating a complex set of tasks and components into a single project or capability (even if that single project results in the delivery of multiple units). Hence, the entire contract is accounted for as one performance obligation. Less commonly, however, we may promise to provide distinct goods or services within a contract, in which case we separate the contract into more than one performance obligation. If a contract is separated into more than one performance obligation, we allocate the total transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services underlying each performance obligation. We infrequently sell standard products with observable standalone sales. In such cases, the observable standalone sales are used to determine the standalone selling price. More frequently, we sell a customized, customer-specific solution, and, in these cases, we typically use the expected cost plus a margin approach to estimate the standalone selling price of each performance obligation.

We recognize revenue over time for all of our services as we perform them because (i) control continuously transfers to the customer as work progresses, and (ii) we have the right to bill the customer as costs are incurred. The customer typically controls the work in process, as evidenced either by contractual termination clauses or by our rights to payment for work performed to date plus a reasonable profit to deliver products or services that do not have an alternative use to the Company.

Due to the nature of the work required to be performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimation of total revenue and cost at completion (the process described below in more detail) is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgment. The consideration to which we are entitled on our long-term contracts may include both fixed and variable amounts. Variable amounts can either increase or decrease the transaction price. A common example of variable amounts that can either increase or decrease contract value are pending change orders that represent contract modifications for which a change in scope has been authorized or acknowledged by our customer, but the final adjustment to contract price is yet to be negotiated. Other examples of positive variable revenue include amounts awarded upon achievement of certain performance metrics, program milestones or cost of completion date targets and can be based upon customer discretion. Variable amounts can result in a deduction from contract revenue if we fail to meet stated performance requirements, such as complying with the construction schedule.

We include estimated amounts of variable consideration in the contract price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determinatio n of whether to include estimated amounts in the contract price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. We reassess the amount of variable consideration each accounting period until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Changes in the assessed amount of variable consideration are accounted for prospectively as a cumulative adjustment to revenue recognized in the current period.

Contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most of our contract modifications are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing performance obligation(s). The effect of a contract modification on the transaction price, and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase or decrease) on a cumulative catch-up basis.

We have a Company-wide policy requiring periodic review of the Estimate at Completion in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations and estimated remaining obligations. As part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion and the related program schedule, identified risks and opportunities and the related changes in estimates of revenue and costs. The risks and opportunities include management's judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the schedule ( e.g. , the number and type of milestone events), technical requirements ( e.g. , a newly developed product versus a mature product) and other contract requirements. Management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, the length of time to complete the performance obligation ( e.g. , to estimate increases in wages and prices for materials and related support cost allocations), execution by our subcontractors, the availability and timing of funding from our customer, and overhead cost rates, among other variables.

Based on this analysis, any adjustments to revenue, cost of services, and the related impact to operating income are recognized as necessary in the quarter when they become known. These adjustments may result from positive program performance if we determine we will be successful in mitigating risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of those performance obligations or realizing related opportunities and may result in an increase in operating income during the performance of individual performance obligations. Likewise, if we determine we will not be successful in mitigating these risks or realizing related opportunities, these adjustments may result in a decrease in operating income. Changes in estimates of revenue, cost of services and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up basis, meaning we recognize in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on our progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of one or more of our performance obligations. For projects in which estimates of total costs to be incurred on a performance obligation exceed total estimates of revenue to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized in the period the loss is determined. The Company typically does not incur any returns, refunds, or similar obligations after the completion of the performance obligation since any deficiencies are corrected during the course of the work or are included as a modification to revenue. The Company does offer an industry standard warranty on our work, which is most commonly for a one-year period. The vendors providing the equipment and materials are responsible for any failures in their product unless installed incorrectly. We include an estimated amount to cover estimated warranty expense in our Cost of Services and record a liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet to cover our current estimated outstanding warranty obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net revenue recognized from our performance obligations partially satisfied in the previous period positively impacted revenue by 3.9 %, 2.3 % and 1.3 %, respectively, as a result of changes in estimates associated with performance obligations on contracts. Disaggregation of Revenue Our consolidated 2025 revenue was derived from contracts to provide service activities in the mechanical and electrical segments we serve. Refer to Note 16 “Segment Information” for additional information on our reportable segments. We disaggregate our revenue from contracts with customers by service provided, customer type and activity type, as we believe it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See details in the following tables (dollars in thousands):

Based on this analysis, any adjustments to revenue, cost of services, and the related impact to operating income are recognized as necessary in the quarter when they become known. These adjustments may result from positive program performance if we determine we will be successful in mitigating risks surrounding the technical, schedule and cost aspects of those performance obligations or realizing related opportunities and may result in an increase in operating income during the performance of individual performance obligations. Likewise, if we determine we will not be successful in mitigating these risks or realizing related opportunities, these adjustments may result in a decrease in operating income. Changes in estimates of revenue, cost of services and the related impact to operating income are recognized quarterly on a cumulative catch-up basis, meaning we recognize in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods based on our progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation. A significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of one or more of our performance obligations. For projects in which estimates of total costs to be incurred on a performance obligation exceed total estimates of revenue to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation is recognized in the period the loss is determined.

The Company typically does not incur any returns, refunds, or similar obligations after the completion of the performance obligation since any deficiencies are corrected during the course of the work or are included as a modification to revenue. The Company does offer an industry standard warranty on our work, which is most commonly for a one-year period. The vendors providing the equipment and materials are responsible for any failures in their product unless installed incorrectly. We include an estimated amount to cover estimated warranty expense in our Cost of Services and record a liability in our Consolidated Balance Sheet to cover our current estimated outstanding warranty obligations.

During the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net revenue recognized from our performance obligations partially satisfied in the previous period positively impacted revenue by 3.9 %, 2.3 % and 1.3 %, respectively, as a result of changes in estimates associated with performance obligations on contracts.

Disaggregation of Revenue

Our consolidated 2025 revenue was derived from contracts to provide service activities in the mechanical and electrical segments we serve. Refer to Note 16 “Segment Information” for additional information on our reportable segments. We disaggregate our revenue from contracts with customers by service provided, customer type and activity type, as we believe it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. See details in the following tables (dollars in thousands):

Contract Assets and Liabilities Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from sales under long term contracts when the cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition is used, revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer and right to payment is conditional or subject to completing a milestone, such as a phase of the project. Contract assets are not considered to have a significant financing component, as they are intended to protect the customer in the event that we do not perform our obligations under the contract. Contract liabilities consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Advance payments from customers related to work not yet started are classified as deferred revenue. Contract liabilities are not considered to have a significant financing component, as they are used to meet working capital requirements that are generally higher in the early stages of a contract and are intended to protect us from the other party failing to meet its obligations under the contract. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Contract assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consisted of the following amounts as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands): Contract assets and liabilities fluctuate year to year based on various factors, including, but not limited to, the variability in billing and payment terms of customers and changes in the number and size of projects in progress at period end. Contract assets decreased from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 by approximately $ 2.9 million. Contract liabilities increased from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 by approximately $ 971.0 million. The decrease in contract assets included a decrease of $ 7.5 million attributable to the timing of billings, partially offset by an increase of $ 4.6 million related to our 2025 acquisitions. The increase in contract liabilities is primarily due to an increase of $ 910.1 million related to an increase in billings in excess of costs recognized on our performance obligations, primarily from the timing of billings on projects within the technology sector. Additionally, there was an increase of $ 60.9 million as a result of our 2025 acquisitions. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized revenue of $ 1.00 billion and $ 816.8 million, respectively, related to our contract liabilities at January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2024, respectively. We did not have any impairment losses recognized on our receivables or contract assets in 2025 and 2024. Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining construction performance obligations represent the remaining transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed and exclude unexercised contract options. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $ 11.94 billion. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately 65 - 75 % of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 months , with the remaining recognized thereafter. Our service maintenance agreements are generally one-year renewable agreements. We have adopted the practical expedient that allows us to not include service maintenance contracts with a

Contract Assets and Liabilities

Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from sales under long term contracts when the cost-to-cost method of revenue recognition is used, revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer and right to payment is conditional or subject to completing a milestone, such as a phase of the project. Contract assets are not considered to have a significant financing component, as they are intended to protect the customer in the event that we do not perform our obligations under the contract.

Contract liabilities consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Advance payments from customers related to work not yet started are classified as deferred revenue. Contract liabilities are not considered to have a significant financing component, as they are used to meet working capital requirements that are generally higher in the early stages of a contract and are intended to protect us from the other party failing to meet its obligations under the contract. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period.

Contract assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet consisted of the following amounts as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

Contract assets and liabilities fluctuate year to year based on various factors, including, but not limited to, the variability in billing and payment terms of customers and changes in the number and size of projects in progress at period end. Contract assets decreased from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 by approximately $ 2.9 million. Contract liabilities increased from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 by approximately $ 971.0 million. The decrease in contract assets included a decrease of $ 7.5 million attributable to the timing of billings, partially offset by an increase of $ 4.6 million related to our 2025 acquisitions. The increase in contract liabilities is primarily due to an increase of $ 910.1 million related to an increase in billings in excess of costs recognized on our performance obligations, primarily from the timing of billings on projects within the technology sector. Additionally, there was an increase of $ 60.9 million as a result of our 2025 acquisitions.

During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized revenue of $ 1.00 billion and $ 816.8 million, respectively, related to our contract liabilities at January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2024, respectively.

We did not have any impairment losses recognized on our receivables or contract assets in 2025 and 2024.

Remaining Performance Obligations

Remaining construction performance obligations represent the remaining transaction price of firm orders for which work has not been performed and exclude unexercised contract options. As of December 31, 2025, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was $ 11.94 billion. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately 65 - 75 % of the remaining performance obligations over the next 12 months , with the remaining recognized thereafter. Our service maintenance agreements are generally one-year renewable agreements. We have adopted the practical expedient that allows us to not include service maintenance contracts with a

total term of one year or less; therefore, we do not report unfulfilled performance obligations for service maintenance agreements. 4. Fair Value Measurements Interest Rate Risk Management and Derivative Instruments At times, we use derivative instruments to manage exposure to market risk, including interest rate risk. We currently do not have any derivatives that are accounted for as hedges under Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 815. Fair Value Measurement We classify and disclose assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:   The following table summarizes the fair values, and levels within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are included, for assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): Cash and cash equivalents are held at a variety of well-known institutions and consist primarily of (i) deposit accounts, (ii) U.S. Treasury bills, and (iii) highly-rated money market funds. Cash equivalents described in (ii) and (iii) above have original maturities of three months or less. The original cost of these assets approximates fair value due to their short-term maturity. We believe the carrying value of our debt associated with our revolving credit facility approximates its fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. We believe the carrying values of our notes to former owners approximate their fair values due to the relatively short remaining terms on these notes. We own U.S. Treasury bills with maturities greater than ninety days but less than one year, which we classify as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC 320 “Investments – Debt Securities,” given that the Company has the ability and intent to hold the investments until maturity. These investments are included within “Prepaid Expenses and Other” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Due to the short-term maturity, the amortized cost of our U.S. Treasury bills approximates their fair value. We value contingent earn-out obligations using a probability weighted discounted cash flow method. This fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the purchase agreements ( e.g. , minimum and maximum payments, length of earn-out periods, manner of calculating any amounts due, etc.) and utilizes assumptions with regard to future cash flows and operating income, probabilities of achieving such future cash flows and operating income and a weighted average cost of capital. Significant changes in any of these assumptions could result in

total term of one year or less; therefore, we do not report unfulfilled performance obligations for service maintenance agreements.

4. Fair Value Measurements

Interest Rate Risk Management and Derivative Instruments

At times, we use derivative instruments to manage exposure to market risk, including interest rate risk. We currently do not have any derivatives that are accounted for as hedges under Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) 815.

Fair Value Measurement

We classify and disclose assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:

The following table summarizes the fair values, and levels within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are included, for assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands):

Cash and cash equivalents are held at a variety of well-known institutions and consist primarily of (i) deposit accounts, (ii) U.S. Treasury bills, and (iii) highly-rated money market funds. Cash equivalents described in (ii) and (iii) above have original maturities of three months or less. The original cost of these assets approximates fair value due to their short-term maturity. We believe the carrying value of our debt associated with our revolving credit facility approximates its fair value due to the variable rate on such debt. We believe the carrying values of our notes to former owners approximate their fair values due to the relatively short remaining terms on these notes.

We own U.S. Treasury bills with maturities greater than ninety days but less than one year, which we classify as held-to-maturity in accordance with ASC 320 “Investments – Debt Securities,” given that the Company has the ability and intent to hold the investments until maturity. These investments are included within “Prepaid Expenses and Other” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Due to the short-term maturity, the amortized cost of our U.S. Treasury bills approximates their fair value.

We value contingent earn-out obligations using a probability weighted discounted cash flow method. This fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the purchase agreements ( e.g. , minimum and maximum payments, length of earn-out periods, manner of calculating any amounts due, etc.) and utilizes assumptions with regard to future cash flows and operating income, probabilities of achieving such future cash flows and operating income and a weighted average cost of capital. Significant changes in any of these assumptions could result in

a significantly higher or lower potential liability. The contingent earn-out obligations are measured at fair value each reporting period, and changes in estimates of fair value are recognized in earnings.

The table below presents a reconciliation of the fair value of our contingent earn-out obligations that use significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) (in thousands):

5. Acquisitions

On October 1, 2025, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Feyen-Zylstra Holdings, LLC (“Feyen Zylstra”), headquartered in Michigan, for a total preliminary purchase price of $ 109.8 million, which included $ 99.0 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 4.3 million in notes payable to the former owners, an earn-out that will be paid if certain financial targets are met after the acquisition date and a working capital adjustment. Feyen Zylstra operates in the Midwest and Southern United States and provides electrical design, installation, and maintenance services primarily to the industrial, technology and healthcare sectors. As a result of the acquisition, Feyen Zylstra is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our electrical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of the Feyen Zylstra acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On October 1, 2025, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Meisner Electric, Inc. (“Meisner”), headquartered in Florida, for a total preliminary purchase price of $ 74.9 million, which included $ 64.5 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 5.0 million in notes payable to the former owners and a working capital adjustment. Meisner operates in Florida and provides greenfield construction services and electrical design, installation, and renovation services primarily to the healthcare, commercial and government sectors . As a result of the acquisition, Meisner is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our electrical segment . The goodwill recognized as a result of the Meisner acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes.

On May 31, 2025, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of a mechanical service provider in New York for a total preliminary purchase price of $ 2.8 million, which is reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On May 1, 2025, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Right Way Plumbing & Mechanical LLC (“Right Way”), headquartered in Florida, for a total preliminary purchase price of $ 64.9 million, which included $ 49.5 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 5.0 million in notes payable to the former owners, an earn-out that will be paid if certain financial targets are met after the acquisition date and a working capital adjustment. Right Way operates in Florida and provides plumbing installation and maintenance services. As a result of the acquisition, Right Way is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of the Right Way acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On January 1, 2025, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Century Contractors, LLC (“Century”), headquartered in North Carolina, for a total purchase price of $ 84.2 million, which included $ 73.1 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 5.5 million in notes payable to the former owners, an earn-out that will be paid if certain financial targets are met after the acquisition date and a working capital adjustment. Century operates in the Southeastern United States and specializes in self-performing mechanical installation, pipe fabrication and installation, steel erection, equipment setting and concrete installations. As a result of the acquisition, Century is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of the Century acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On May 1, 2024, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of a plumbing service provider in North Carolina for a total purchase price of $ 39.9 million, which is reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of this acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On February 1, 2024, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Summit Industrial Construction, LLC (“Summit”), headquartered in Texas, for a total purchase price of $ 359.8 million, which included $ 267.5 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 35.0 million in notes payable to the former owners, an earn-out that will be paid if certain financial targets are met after the acquisition date and a working capital adjustment. Summit is a specialty industrial contractor offering engineering, design-assist and turnkey, direct hire construction services of systems serving the advanced technology, power, and industrial sectors. As a result of the acquisition, Summit is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of the Summit acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

On February 1, 2024, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of J & S Mechanical Contractors, Inc. (“J&S”), headquartered in Utah, for a total purchase price of $ 120.6 million, which included $ 100.0 million of cash paid on the closing date, $ 10.0 million in notes payable to the former owners, an earn-out that will be paid if certain financial targets are met after the acquisition date and a working capital adjustment. J&S provides mechanical construction services to commercial and industrial sectors, specializing in data center HVAC systems and hospital medical gas systems. As a result of the acquisition, J&S is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company reported in our mechanical segment. The goodwill recognized as a result of the J&S acquisition is deductible for tax purposes.

The results of operations of acquisitions are included in our consolidated financial statements from their respective acquisition dates. Our Consolidated Balance Sheet includes preliminary allocations of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the applicable acquisitions pending the completion of the final valuation of intangible assets and accrued liabilities. The acquisitions completed in the current and prior year were not material, individually or in the aggregate. Additional contingent purchase price (“earn-out”) has been or will be paid if certain acquisitions achieve predetermined profitability targets. Such earn-outs, when they are not subject to the continued employment of the sellers, are estimated as of the purchase date and included as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition. If we have an earn-out under which continued employment is a condition to receipt of payment, then the earn-out is recorded as compensation expense over the period earned.

6. Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets, Net

Goodwill

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows (in thousands):

The aggregate goodwill balance as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 includes $ 116.6 million of accumulated impairment charges, all of which relate to the mechanical segment.

During our annual impairment testing on October 1, 2025, we performed a quantitative assessment where the fair value of each reporting unit was estimated using a discounted cash flow model combined with a market valuation approach. We assigned a weighting of 50 % to the discounted cash flow analysis and 50 % to the public company approach for the year ended December 31, 2025. Based on this assessment, we concluded that the fair value of each of the reporting units was greater than its carrying value. A 10 % decline in the estimated fair value of each reporting unit due to a change in assumptions would not have resulted in us recording an impairment in 2025.

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets was recorded.

There are significant inherent uncertainties and management judgment involved in estimating the fair value of each reporting unit. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, it is possible that a material change could occur. If actual results are not consistent with our current estimates and assumptions, or the current economic outlook worsens, goodwill impairment charges may be recorded in future periods.

Identifiable Intangible Assets, Net

Identifiable intangible assets consist of the following (dollars in thousands):

Identifiable intangible assets attributable to businesses acquired in 2025 have been preliminarily valued at $ 130.3 million, consisting of customer relationships, trade names and backlog. Identifiable intangible assets attributable to businesses acquired in 2024 have been valued at $ 251.3 million, consisting of customer relationships, trade names and backlog. The weighted-average initial amortization period for the identifiable intangible assets attributable to businesses acquired in 2025 and 2024 was 10.5 years and 9.1 years, respectively.

The amounts attributable to customer relationships and trade names are amortized to “Selling, General and Administrative Expenses” based upon the estimated consumption of their economic benefits, or under a shorter period of time using the straight-line method if the pattern of economic benefit cannot be reliably estimated. Our intangible assets related to customer relationships and trade names are amortized over periods from one to twenty-five years . The amounts attributable to backlog are amortized to “Cost of Services” on a proportionate method over the remaining backlog period. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 79.6 million, $ 97.3 million and $ 43.4 million respectively.

As of December 31, 2025, future amortization expense of identifiable intangible assets was as follows (in thousands):

7. Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consist of the following (dollars in thousands):

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 62.4 million, $ 48.2 million and $ 38.2 million, respectively.

8. Detail of Other Current Liabilities

Other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):

9. Debt Obligations

Debt obligations consist of the following (in thousands):

At December 31, 2025, future principal payments of debt are as follows (in thousands):

Interest expense included the following primary elements (in thousands):

Revolving Credit Facility

On August 27, 2025, we amended our senior credit facility (as amended, the “Facility”) arranged by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and provided by a syndicate of banks, which increases our borrowing capacity from $ 850.0 million to $ 1.10 billion. The Facility is composed of a revolving credit line guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries, in the amount of $ 1.10 billion. The Facility also provides for an accordion or increase

option not to exceed the greater of (a) $ 500 million and (b) 1.0x Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below), in the form of additional revolving commitments or incremental term loans. The line of credit includes a sublimit for up to $ 200.0 million of letters of credit and a sublimit for up to $ 75.0 million of swingline loans. The Facility expires on October 1, 2030 and is secured by a first lien on substantially all of our personal property except for assets related to projects subject to surety bonds and the equity of and assets held by certain unrestricted subsidiaries and our wholly owned captive insurance company, and a second lien on our assets related to projects subject to surety bonds. As a result of the amendment, $ 0.3 million of unamortized costs associated with lenders who exited the Facility were written off to interest expense in the third quarter of 2025. The remaining $ 1.0 million of unamortized costs from the previous facility will be deferred and amortized over the term of the new Facility. In 2025, we incurred approximately $ 3.7 million in financing and professional costs in connection with the amendment to the Facility, which, combined with previously unamortized costs of $ 1.0 million, are being amortized on a straight-line basis as a non-cash charge to interest expense over the remaining term of the Facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had $ 100.0 million of outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility, $ 79.0 million in letters of credit outstanding and $ 921.0 million of credit available. Collateral A common practice in our industry is the posting of payment and performance bonds with customers. These bonds are offered by financial institutions known as sureties and provide assurance to the customer that in the event we encounter significant financial or operational difficulties, the surety will arrange for the completion of our contractual obligations and for the payment of our vendors on the projects subject to the bonds. In cooperation with our lenders, we granted our sureties a first lien on assets such as receivables, costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings, and equipment specifically identifiable to projects for which bonds are outstanding, as collateral for potential obligations under bonds. As of December 31, 2025, the book value of these assets was approximately $ 258.4 million. Covenants and Restrictions The Facility contains financial covenants defining various financial measures and the levels of these measures with which we must comply. Covenant compliance is assessed as of each quarter end for the four fiscal quarters then ended. Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA is defined under the Facility for financial covenant purposes as consolidated net income for the four fiscal quarters ending as of any given quarterly covenant compliance measurement date, plus the corresponding amounts for (a) interest expense; (b) provision for income taxes; (c) depreciation and amortization; (d) stock or equity compensation; and (e) other non-cash charges, in each case calculated on a pro forma basis for acquisitions or dispositions during such measurement period. The Facility’s principal financial covenants include: Net Leverage Ratio —The Facility requires that the ratio of (a) our Consolidated Total Indebtedness (as defined in the Facility) minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents up to $ 100,000,000 , to (b) our Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA not exceed 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter; provided that, for the first four fiscal quarters ending after a material acquisition, such maximum Net Leverage Ratio steps up to 4.00 to 1.00. Interest Coverage Ratio —The Facility requires that the ratio of (a) Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA to (b) consolidated interest expense, defined as all interest paid or accrued on indebtedness during the period excluding amortization of debt incurrence expenses, original issue discount, and mark-to-market interest expense, be at least 3.00 to 1.00. Other Restrictions —The Facility (a) permits unlimited acquisitions when our Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00, or 3.75 to 1.00 for the first four fiscal quarters ending after a material acquisition, (b) expands certain baskets for permitted indebtedness and liens, and (c) permits unlimited distributions, stock repurchases, and investments when the Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.75 to 1.00. While the Facility’s financial covenants do not specifically govern capacity under the Facility, if our debt level under the Facility at a quarter-end covenant compliance measurement date were to cause us to violate the Facility’s Net Leverage Ratio covenant, our borrowing capacity under the Facility and the favorable terms that we currently have could be negatively impacted. We were in compliance with all of our financial covenants as of December 31, 2025.

option not to exceed the greater of (a) $ 500 million and (b) 1.0x Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below), in the form of additional revolving commitments or incremental term loans. The line of credit includes a sublimit for up to $ 200.0 million of letters of credit and a sublimit for up to $ 75.0 million of swingline loans. The Facility expires on October 1, 2030 and is secured by a first lien on substantially all of our personal property except for assets related to projects subject to surety bonds and the equity of and assets held by certain unrestricted subsidiaries and our wholly owned captive insurance company, and a second lien on our assets related to projects subject to surety bonds. As a result of the amendment, $ 0.3 million of unamortized costs associated with lenders who exited the Facility were written off to interest expense in the third quarter of 2025. The remaining $ 1.0 million of unamortized costs from the previous facility will be deferred and amortized over the term of the new Facility. In 2025, we incurred approximately $ 3.7 million in financing and professional costs in connection with the amendment to the Facility, which, combined with previously unamortized costs of $ 1.0 million, are being amortized on a straight-line basis as a non-cash charge to interest expense over the remaining term of the Facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had $ 100.0 million of outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility, $ 79.0 million in letters of credit outstanding and $ 921.0 million of credit available.

Collateral

A common practice in our industry is the posting of payment and performance bonds with customers. These bonds are offered by financial institutions known as sureties and provide assurance to the customer that in the event we encounter significant financial or operational difficulties, the surety will arrange for the completion of our contractual obligations and for the payment of our vendors on the projects subject to the bonds. In cooperation with our lenders, we granted our sureties a first lien on assets such as receivables, costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings, and equipment specifically identifiable to projects for which bonds are outstanding, as collateral for potential obligations under bonds. As of December 31, 2025, the book value of these assets was approximately $ 258.4 million.

Covenants and Restrictions

The Facility contains financial covenants defining various financial measures and the levels of these measures with which we must comply. Covenant compliance is assessed as of each quarter end for the four fiscal quarters then ended. Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA is defined under the Facility for financial covenant purposes as consolidated net income for the four fiscal quarters ending as of any given quarterly covenant compliance measurement date, plus the corresponding amounts for (a) interest expense; (b) provision for income taxes; (c) depreciation and amortization; (d) stock or equity compensation; and (e) other non-cash charges, in each case calculated on a pro forma basis for acquisitions or dispositions during such measurement period. The Facility’s principal financial covenants include:

Net Leverage Ratio —The Facility requires that the ratio of (a) our Consolidated Total Indebtedness (as defined in the Facility) minus unrestricted cash and cash equivalents up to $ 100,000,000 , to (b) our Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA not exceed 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter; provided that, for the first four fiscal quarters ending after a material acquisition, such maximum Net Leverage Ratio steps up to 4.00 to 1.00.

Interest Coverage Ratio —The Facility requires that the ratio of (a) Credit Facility Adjusted EBITDA to (b) consolidated interest expense, defined as all interest paid or accrued on indebtedness during the period excluding amortization of debt incurrence expenses, original issue discount, and mark-to-market interest expense, be at least 3.00 to 1.00.

Other Restrictions —The Facility (a) permits unlimited acquisitions when our Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00, or 3.75 to 1.00 for the first four fiscal quarters ending after a material acquisition, (b) expands certain baskets for permitted indebtedness and liens, and (c) permits unlimited distributions, stock repurchases, and investments when the Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 2.75 to 1.00.

While the Facility’s financial covenants do not specifically govern capacity under the Facility, if our debt level under the Facility at a quarter-end covenant compliance measurement date were to cause us to violate the Facility’s Net Leverage Ratio covenant, our borrowing capacity under the Facility and the favorable terms that we currently have could be negatively impacted.

We were in compliance with all of our financial covenants as of December 31, 2025.

Interest Rates and Fees There are two interest rate options for borrowings under the Facility, the Base Rate Loan (as defined in the Facility) option and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) Loan option. Under the Base Rate Loan option, the interest rate is determined based on the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Facility) plus 0.50 %, (b) the prime lending rate established by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and (c) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Facility) plus 1.00 %. Under the SOFR Loan option, the interest rate is determined based on Adjusted Term SOFR for a one, three, or six-month tenor at our election. Additional margins are then added to these two rates. The additional margins are determined based on our Net Leverage Ratio. The interest rates under the Facility are floating rates determined by the broad financial markets, meaning they can and do move up and down from time to time. For illustrative purposes, the following are the respective market rates as of December 31, 2025 relating to interest options under the Facility: Certain of our vendors require letters of credit to ensure reimbursement for amounts they are disbursing on our behalf, such as to beneficiaries under our self-funded insurance programs. We have also occasionally used letters of credit to guarantee performance under our contracts and to ensure payment to our subcontractors and vendors under those contracts. Our lenders issue such letters of credit through the Facility. A letter of credit commits the lenders to pay specified amounts to the holder of the letter of credit if the holder demonstrates that we have failed to perform specified actions. If this were to occur, we would be required to reimburse the lenders for amounts they fund to honor the letter of credit holder’s claim. Absent a claim, there is no payment or reserving of funds by us in connection with a letter of credit. However, because a claim on a letter of credit would require immediate reimbursement by us to our lenders, letters of credit are treated as a use of Facility capacity. Commitment fees are payable on the portion of the revolving loan capacity not in use for borrowings or letters of credit at any given time. Letter of credit fees and commitment fees are based on the Net Leverage Ratio. The weighted average interest rate applicable to the borrowings under the revolving credit facility was approximately 5.0 % as of December 31, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2024.

Interest Rates and Fees

There are two interest rate options for borrowings under the Facility, the Base Rate Loan (as defined in the Facility) option and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) Loan option. Under the Base Rate Loan option, the interest rate is determined based on the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Facility) plus 0.50 %, (b) the prime lending rate established by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and (c) the one-month Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Facility) plus 1.00 %. Under the SOFR Loan option, the interest rate is determined based on Adjusted Term SOFR for a one, three, or six-month tenor at our election. Additional margins are then added to these two rates. The additional margins are determined based on our Net Leverage Ratio.

The interest rates under the Facility are floating rates determined by the broad financial markets, meaning they can and do move up and down from time to time. For illustrative purposes, the following are the respective market rates as of December 31, 2025 relating to interest options under the Facility:

Certain of our vendors require letters of credit to ensure reimbursement for amounts they are disbursing on our behalf, such as to beneficiaries under our self-funded insurance programs. We have also occasionally used letters of credit to guarantee performance under our contracts and to ensure payment to our subcontractors and vendors under those contracts. Our lenders issue such letters of credit through the Facility. A letter of credit commits the lenders to pay specified amounts to the holder of the letter of credit if the holder demonstrates that we have failed to perform specified actions. If this were to occur, we would be required to reimburse the lenders for amounts they fund to honor the letter of credit holder’s claim. Absent a claim, there is no payment or reserving of funds by us in connection with a letter of credit. However, because a claim on a letter of credit would require immediate reimbursement by us to our lenders, letters of credit are treated as a use of Facility capacity.

Commitment fees are payable on the portion of the revolving loan capacity not in use for borrowings or letters of credit at any given time. Letter of credit fees and commitment fees are based on the Net Leverage Ratio.

The weighted average interest rate applicable to the borrowings under the revolving credit facility was approximately 5.0 % as of December 31, 2025. There were no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2024.

Notes to Former Owners

We have outstanding notes to the former owners of acquired companies. Together, these notes had an outstanding balance of $ 44.6 million as of December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2025, future principal payments of notes to former owners by maturity year were as follows (dollars in thousands):

10. Leases

We lease certain facilities, vehicles and equipment primarily under noncancelable operating leases. The most significant portion of these noncancelable operating leases is for the facilities occupied by our corporate office and our operating locations. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We do not separate lease components from their associated non-lease components pursuant to lease accounting guidance. We have certain leases with variable payments based on an index as well as short-term leases on equipment and facilities. Variable lease expense and short-term lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 aggregated to $ 138.8 million, $ 94.3 million and $ 53.7 million, respectively. These expenses were primarily related to short-term equipment rentals. Lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we generally use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The weighted average discount rate for our operating leases as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was 6.0 % and 6.1 %, respectively. We recognize operating lease expense, including escalating lease payments and lease incentives, on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 187.5 million, $ 136.9 million and $ 86.1 million, respectively.

The lease terms generally range from 3 to 15 years . Some leases include one or more options to renew, which may be exercised to extend the lease term. We include the exercise of lease renewal options in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise the option and such exercise is at our sole discretion. The weighted average remaining lease term for our operating leases was 11.7 years and 10.9 years at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

A majority of the Company’s real property leases are with individuals or entities with whom we have no other business relationship. However, in certain instances the Company enters into real property leases with current or former employees. Rent paid to related parties for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was approximately $ 10.1 million, $ 9.8 million and $ 7.6 million, respectively.

If we decide to cancel or terminate a lease before the end of its term, we would typically owe the lessor the remaining lease payments under the term of the lease. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. On rare occasions, we rent or sublease certain real estate assets that we no longer use to third parties.

The following table summarizes the operating lease assets and liabilities included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 (in thousands):

The maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2025 are as follows (in thousands): Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands): 11. Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Our provision for income taxes relating to continuing operations consists of the following (in thousands):

The maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2025 are as follows (in thousands):

Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands):

11. Income Taxes

Provision for Income Taxes

Our provision for income taxes relating to continuing operations consists of the following (in thousands):

Rate Reconciliation The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 resulted in effective tax rates on continuing operations of 20.9 %, 21.6 % and 16.7 %, respectively. The reasons for the differences between these effective tax rates and the federal statutory tax rates are as follows (in thousands, except percentages): (a) State taxes in Virginia, North Carolina, Arizona, New York, Alabama, Tennessee and Utah made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect of this category in 2025. In February 2023, we filed amended federal tax returns for 2019 and 2020 requesting refunds primarily from claiming the credit for increasing research activities (the “R&D tax credit”). We previously recorded benefits of $ 18.9 million for such refund claims in the year 2022. Our refund claims are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) which, if allowed, would require review and approval by the Joint Committee on Taxation (the “JCT”). We do not expect the conclusion of the IRS examination and JCT review to have a material impact on our financial statements. In early September 2023, the IRS issued interim guidance addressing, together with other topics, the treatment of research and experimental (“R&E”) expenditures for taxpayers using the percentage of completion method to account for taxable income from long-term contracts. We relied on such guidance for the 2022 tax year, and the resulting reduction in taxable revenue offsets the deferral of tax deductions for R&E expenditures pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (2017) for the 2022 tax year. We filed our 2022 federal tax return in October 2023 requesting a refund of our $ 107.1 million overpayment, which was received in April 2025. Along with the refund, we received $ 11.3 million (or $ 8.9 million, net of tax) of interest income that reduced our provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act was enacted into law on July 4, 2025. The primary provisions of the law impacting us are the (i) reinstatement of immediate expensing of domestic R&E expenditures, together with conforming amendments to the R&D tax credit, (ii) reinstatement of 100% bonus depreciation, and (iii) termination of the energy efficient commercial buildings deduction. However, these provisions did not, and we expect they will not, have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition.

Rate Reconciliation

The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 resulted in effective tax rates on continuing operations of 20.9 %, 21.6 % and 16.7 %, respectively. The reasons for the differences between these effective tax rates and the federal statutory tax rates are as follows (in thousands, except percentages):

(a) State taxes in Virginia, North Carolina, Arizona, New York, Alabama, Tennessee and Utah made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect of this category in 2025.

In February 2023, we filed amended federal tax returns for 2019 and 2020 requesting refunds primarily from claiming the credit for increasing research activities (the “R&D tax credit”). We previously recorded benefits of $ 18.9 million for such refund claims in the year 2022. Our refund claims are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) which, if allowed, would require review and approval by the Joint Committee on Taxation (the “JCT”). We do not expect the conclusion of the IRS examination and JCT review to have a material impact on our financial statements.

In early September 2023, the IRS issued interim guidance addressing, together with other topics, the treatment of research and experimental (“R&E”) expenditures for taxpayers using the percentage of completion method to account for taxable income from long-term contracts. We relied on such guidance for the 2022 tax year, and the resulting reduction in taxable revenue offsets the deferral of tax deductions for R&E expenditures pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (2017) for the 2022 tax year. We filed our 2022 federal tax return in October 2023 requesting a refund of our $ 107.1 million overpayment, which was received in April 2025. Along with the refund, we received $ 11.3 million (or $ 8.9 million, net of tax) of interest income that reduced our provision for income taxes in the first quarter of 2025.

The One Big Beautiful Bill Act was enacted into law on July 4, 2025. The primary provisions of the law impacting us are the (i) reinstatement of immediate expensing of domestic R&E expenditures, together with conforming amendments to the R&D tax credit, (ii) reinstatement of 100% bonus depreciation, and (iii) termination of the energy efficient commercial buildings deduction. However, these provisions did not, and we expect they will not, have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition.

Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) Significant components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows (in thousands): The deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities reflected above are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in thousands): As of December 31, 2025, our deferred tax assets were primarily attributable to accrued liabilities and expenses, goodwill, and intangible assets. All of the net operating loss (“NOL”) and tax credit carryforwards are for various state jurisdictions, the more significant amounts of which begin to expire after the year 2035. We believe, however, that it is more likely than not that the benefits from the various state NOL and tax credit carryforwards will not all be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $ 0.1 million on the deferred tax assets related to those state NOL and tax credit carryforwards. If or when recognized, the benefits related to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized as a reduction in our provision for income taxes. Certain of the state NOL and tax credit carryforwards shown in our income tax returns included unrecognized tax benefits. The deferred tax assets recognized for these NOL and tax credits are presented net of unrecognized tax benefits.

Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)

Significant components of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows (in thousands):

The deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities reflected above are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2025, our deferred tax assets were primarily attributable to accrued liabilities and expenses, goodwill, and intangible assets. All of the net operating loss (“NOL”) and tax credit carryforwards are for various state jurisdictions, the more significant amounts of which begin to expire after the year 2035.

We believe, however, that it is more likely than not that the benefits from the various state NOL and tax credit carryforwards will not all be realized. In recognition of this risk, we have provided a valuation allowance of $ 0.1 million on the deferred tax assets related to those state NOL and tax credit carryforwards. If or when recognized, the benefits related to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025 will be recognized as a reduction in our provision for income taxes.

Certain of the state NOL and tax credit carryforwards shown in our income tax returns included unrecognized tax benefits. The deferred tax assets recognized for these NOL and tax credits are presented net of unrecognized tax benefits.

Liabilities for Uncertain Tax Positions A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued interest and penalties, is as follows (in thousands): As of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we had $ 37.1 million, $ 30.1 million and $ 20.6 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, which if recognized in future periods, would impact our effective tax rates. We also accrued $ 3.6 million, $ 1.8 million and $ 0.6 million for potential interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our provision for income taxes. We are subject to taxation in the federal and various state jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2025, we remain open to IRS examination for the 2022 tax year forward. State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to four years after filing the returns. However, the state impact of any federal audit adjustments and/or amendments remains subject to examination by various states for up to one year after formal notification to the states. As of December 31, 2025, we generally remain open to examination by various state taxing authorities for the 2021 tax year forward. 12. Employee Benefit Plans We and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor various retirement plans for most full-time and some part-time employees. These plans primarily consist of defined contribution plans. The defined contribution plans generally provide for contributions up to 2.5 % of covered employees’ salaries or wages, although a few of the plans’ employer contributions are discretionary in nature. These contributions totaled $ 40.1 million in 2025, $ 35.3 million in 2024 and $ 22.9 million in 2023. Certain of our subsidiaries also participate or have participated in various multi-employer pension plans for the benefit of employees who are union members. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had 9 and 50 employees, respectively, who were union members. There were no contributions made to multi-employer pension plans in 2025, 2024 or 2023. The data available from administrators of other multi-employer pension plans is not sufficient to determine the accumulated benefit obligations, nor the net assets attributable to the multi-employer plans in which our employees participate or previously participated. As of December 31, 2025, we had life insurance policies covering certain employees, with a combined face value of $ 109.4 million. The policies are invested in several investment vehicles and are recorded at their cash surrender value. The cash surrender values associated with these policies were $ 10.5 million and $ 9.0 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are included in “Other Noncurrent Assets” in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 13. Commitments and Contingencies Claims and Lawsuits We are subject to certain legal and regulatory claims, including lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. We maintain various insurance coverages to minimize financial risk associated with these claims. We have estimated and provided accruals for probable losses and related legal fees associated with certain litigation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. While we cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings, in management’s opinion and based on reports of counsel, any liability arising from these matters individually and in the

Liabilities for Uncertain Tax Positions

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued interest and penalties, is as follows (in thousands):

As of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we had $ 37.1 million, $ 30.1 million and $ 20.6 million, respectively, of unrecognized tax benefits, which if recognized in future periods, would impact our effective tax rates. We also accrued $ 3.6 million, $ 1.8 million and $ 0.6 million for potential interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in our provision for income taxes.

We are subject to taxation in the federal and various state jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2025, we remain open to IRS examination for the 2022 tax year forward.

State income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of three to four years after filing the returns. However, the state impact of any federal audit adjustments and/or amendments remains subject to examination by various states for up to one year after formal notification to the states. As of December 31, 2025, we generally remain open to examination by various state taxing authorities for the 2021 tax year forward.

12. Employee Benefit Plans

We and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor various retirement plans for most full-time and some part-time employees. These plans primarily consist of defined contribution plans. The defined contribution plans generally provide for contributions up to 2.5 % of covered employees’ salaries or wages, although a few of the plans’ employer contributions are discretionary in nature. These contributions totaled $ 40.1 million in 2025, $ 35.3 million in 2024 and $ 22.9 million in 2023.

Certain of our subsidiaries also participate or have participated in various multi-employer pension plans for the benefit of employees who are union members. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had 9 and 50 employees, respectively, who were union members. There were no contributions made to multi-employer pension plans in 2025, 2024 or 2023. The data available from administrators of other multi-employer pension plans is not sufficient to determine the accumulated benefit obligations, nor the net assets attributable to the multi-employer plans in which our employees participate or previously participated.

As of December 31, 2025, we had life insurance policies covering certain employees, with a combined face value of $ 109.4 million. The policies are invested in several investment vehicles and are recorded at their cash surrender value. The cash surrender values associated with these policies were $ 10.5 million and $ 9.0 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and are included in “Other Noncurrent Assets” in our Consolidated Balance Sheet.

13. Commitments and Contingencies

Claims and Lawsuits

We are subject to certain legal and regulatory claims, including lawsuits arising in the normal course of business. We maintain various insurance coverages to minimize financial risk associated with these claims. We have estimated and provided accruals for probable losses and related legal fees associated with certain litigation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. While we cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings, in management’s opinion and based on reports of counsel, any liability arising from these matters individually and in the

aggregate will not have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition, after giving effect to provisions already recorded. In 2023, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 6.8 million from legal developments and settlements that primarily relate to disputes with customers regarding the outcome of completed projects as well as an obligation to perform subcontract work under two executed letters of intent for subsequent projects that we believed were not enforceable. The pre-tax gain of $ 6.8 million was recorded as an increase in gross profit of $ 6.6 million, a reduction in SG&A of $ 0.7 million, an increase in interest income of $ 1.3 million and an increase in the change in fair value of contingent earn-out obligations expense of $ 1.8 million in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. As of December 31, 2025, we recorded an accrual for unresolved matters, which is not material to our financial statements, based on our analysis of likely outcomes related to the respective matters; however, it is possible that the ultimate outcome and associated costs will deviate from our estimates and that, in the event of an unexpectedly adverse outcome, we may experience additional costs and expenses in future periods. Surety Many customers, particularly in connection with new construction, require us to post performance and payment bonds issued by a financial institution known as a surety. If we fail to perform under the terms of a contract or to pay subcontractors and vendors who provided goods or services under a contract, the customer may demand that the surety make payments or provide services under the bond. We must reimburse the surety for any expenses or outlays it incurs. Current market conditions for surety markets and bonding capacity are adequate, with acceptable terms and conditions. Historically, approximately 10 % to 20 % of our business has required bonds. While we currently have strong surety relationships to support our bonding needs, future market conditions or changes in the sureties’ assessments of our operating and financial risk could cause the sureties to decline to issue bonds for our work. If that were to occur, the alternatives include doing more business that does not require bonds, posting other forms of collateral for project performance, such as letters of credit or cash, and seeking bonding capacity from other sureties. We would likely also encounter concerns from customers, suppliers and other market participants as to our creditworthiness. While we believe our general operating and financial characteristics would enable us to ultimately respond effectively to an interruption in the availability of bonding capacity, such an interruption would likely cause our revenue and profits to decline in the near term. Self-Insurance We are substantially self-insured for workers’ compensation, employer’s liability, auto liability, general liability, and other ancillary coverages, due to the relatively high per-incident deductibles and retained losses that we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. We primarily manage and maintain our insured risks through our wholly owned captive insurance company. Loss estimates associated with the larger and longer-developing risks, such as workers’ compensation, auto liability and general liability, are reviewed and estimated by a third-party actuary quarterly and we accrue for these exposures based on that analysis. We generally retain the first $ 500,000 per occurrence for losses under our individual lines, and within our captive insurance company we absorb a larger portion of the first large loss in any given policy year, with reinsurance providing additional risk transfer for subsequent large losses, if any. Although we maintain some multi-year agreements for key reinsured risks, we renew most of our insurance policies each year, and therefore deductibles, reinsurance amounts and levels of coverage may change in future periods. For additional information regarding our insurance and the risks associated with insurance coverage, see “Item 1A—Risks Factors.” 14. Stockholders’ Equity Stock Incentive Plans In May 2017, our stockholders approved our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”), which provides for the granting of incentive or non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock, dividend equivalents or other incentive awards to directors, employees, or consultants. The number of shares authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan is 2.9 million shares. As of December 31, 2025, there were 1.4 million shares available for issuance under this plan. The 2017 Plan will expire in May 2027.

aggregate will not have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition, after giving effect to provisions already recorded.

In 2023, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $ 6.8 million from legal developments and settlements that primarily relate to disputes with customers regarding the outcome of completed projects as well as an obligation to perform subcontract work under two executed letters of intent for subsequent projects that we believed were not enforceable. The pre-tax gain of $ 6.8 million was recorded as an increase in gross profit of $ 6.6 million, a reduction in SG&A of $ 0.7 million, an increase in interest income of $ 1.3 million and an increase in the change in fair value of contingent earn-out obligations expense of $ 1.8 million in our Consolidated Statement of Operations.

As of December 31, 2025, we recorded an accrual for unresolved matters, which is not material to our financial statements, based on our analysis of likely outcomes related to the respective matters; however, it is possible that the ultimate outcome and associated costs will deviate from our estimates and that, in the event of an unexpectedly adverse outcome, we may experience additional costs and expenses in future periods.

Surety

Many customers, particularly in connection with new construction, require us to post performance and payment bonds issued by a financial institution known as a surety. If we fail to perform under the terms of a contract or to pay subcontractors and vendors who provided goods or services under a contract, the customer may demand that the surety make payments or provide services under the bond. We must reimburse the surety for any expenses or outlays it incurs.

Current market conditions for surety markets and bonding capacity are adequate, with acceptable terms and conditions. Historically, approximately 10 % to 20 % of our business has required bonds. While we currently have strong surety relationships to support our bonding needs, future market conditions or changes in the sureties’ assessments of our operating and financial risk could cause the sureties to decline to issue bonds for our work. If that were to occur, the alternatives include doing more business that does not require bonds, posting other forms of collateral for project performance, such as letters of credit or cash, and seeking bonding capacity from other sureties. We would likely also encounter concerns from customers, suppliers and other market participants as to our creditworthiness. While we believe our general operating and financial characteristics would enable us to ultimately respond effectively to an interruption in the availability of bonding capacity, such an interruption would likely cause our revenue and profits to decline in the near term.

Self-Insurance

We are substantially self-insured for workers’ compensation, employer’s liability, auto liability, general liability, and other ancillary coverages, due to the relatively high per-incident deductibles and retained losses that we absorb under our insurance arrangements for these risks. We primarily manage and maintain our insured risks through our wholly owned captive insurance company. Loss estimates associated with the larger and longer-developing risks, such as workers’ compensation, auto liability and general liability, are reviewed and estimated by a third-party actuary quarterly and we accrue for these exposures based on that analysis. We generally retain the first $ 500,000 per occurrence for losses under our individual lines, and within our captive insurance company we absorb a larger portion of the first large loss in any given policy year, with reinsurance providing additional risk transfer for subsequent large losses, if any. Although we maintain some multi-year agreements for key reinsured risks, we renew most of our insurance policies each year, and therefore deductibles, reinsurance amounts and levels of coverage may change in future periods. For additional information regarding our insurance and the risks associated with insurance coverage, see “Item 1A—Risks Factors.”

14. Stockholders’ Equity

Stock Incentive Plans

In May 2017, our stockholders approved our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”), which provides for the granting of incentive or non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted or deferred stock, dividend equivalents or other incentive awards to directors, employees, or consultants. The number of shares authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan is 2.9 million shares. As of December 31, 2025, there were 1.4 million shares available for issuance under this plan. The 2017 Plan will expire in May 2027.

Share Repurchase Program

On March 29, 2007, our Board of Directors (the “Board”) approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 1.0 million shares of our outstanding common stock. Subsequently, the Board has from time to time increased the number of shares that may be acquired under the program and approved extensions of the program. On May 16, 2025, the Board approved an extension to the program by increasing the shares authorized for repurchase by 0.4 million shares. Since the inception of the repurchase program, the Board has approved 11.8 million shares to be repurchased. As of December 31, 2025, we have repurchased a cumulative total of 10.9 million shares at an average price of $ 50.15 per share under the repurchase program.

The share repurchases will be made from time to time at our discretion in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 share repurchase plans, as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements, and subject to market conditions and other factors. The Board may modify, suspend, extend or terminate the program at any time. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 0.4 million shares for approximately $ 217.9 million, inclusive of the applicable excise tax, at an average price of $ 489.40 per share.

Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is computed considering the dilutive effect of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock units. The vesting of contingently issuable performance stock units is based on the achievement of certain EPS targets and total shareholder return. These shares are considered contingently issuable shares for purposes of calculating diluted EPS. These shares are not included in the diluted EPS denominator until the performance criteria are met, if it is assumed that the end of the reporting period was the end of the contingency period.

Unvested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock units are included in diluted EPS, weighted outstanding until the shares and units vest. Upon vesting, the vested restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance stock units are included in basic EPS weighted outstanding from the vesting date.

The number of anti-dilutive stock-based awards excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS was less than 0.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

The following table reconciles the number of shares outstanding with the number of shares used in computing basic and diluted EPS for each of the periods presented (in thousands):

15. Stock-Based Compensation

Grants of restricted stock and restricted stock units and performance share units have been determined and administered by the compensation committee of the Board of Directors. Total stock-based compensation expense was $ 21.8 million, $ 16.6 million and $ 12.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line method over the vesting period and generally vests over a three-year vesting period. Certain awards provide for accelerated vesting when the sum of an employee's age and years of service is at least 75 . We recognize forfeitures as they occur. Total income tax benefit recognized for stock-based compensation arrangements was $ 4.6 million, $ 3.5 million and $ 2.7 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

We generally issue treasury shares for stock options and restricted stock, unless treasury shares are not available. Upon the vesting of restricted shares, we have allowed the holder to elect to surrender an amount of shares to meet their statutory tax withholding requirements. These shares are accounted for as treasury stock based upon the value of the stock on the date of vesting. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units The following table summarizes activity under our restricted stock plans (shares in thousands): Approximately $ 4.8 million of compensation expense related to restricted stock and restricted stock units will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. We determine the fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units based on the quoted price of our stock at the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of restricted stock shares and units awarded during 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 378.49 , $ 315.04 and $ 164.47 , respectively. The fair value of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 20.9 million, $ 19.8 million and $ 9.3 million, respectively. Performance Stock Units Under the 2017 Plan, we granted dollar-denominated performance vesting restricted stock units (“PSUs”), which cliff vest at the end of a three-year performance period. The PSUs are subject to two performance measures; 50 % of the PSUs are based on the annual performance of our stock price relative to a group of our peers (total shareholder return) and 50 % of the PSUs are measured based on meeting or exceeding a pre-determined annual earnings per share target as set by our Board of Directors (EPS). Depending on the Company’s performance in relation to the established performance measures, the awards may vest at zero to a maximum of 2.0 times the dollar-denominated award granted at target. Upon achievement of the necessary performance metrics, the award will be determined in dollars and may be settled in cash or stock on the settlement date, at our discretion. Compensation expense for dollar-denominated performance units will ultimately be equal to the final dollar value awarded to the grantee upon vesting, settled either in cash or stock. However, throughout the performance period we must record and accrue expense based on an estimate of that future payout. For units determined by EPS performance, the awards are evaluated quarterly against established targets in order to estimate the liability throughout the vesting period. For units determined by total shareholder return performance, a Monte Carlo simulation model is used to estimate accruals throughout the vesting period. The model simulates our total shareholder return and compares it against our peer group over the three-year performance period to produce a predicted distribution of relative share performance. This is applied to the reward criteria to give an expected value of the total shareholder return element. The calculated fair market value as of December 31, 2025 was $ 22.9 million. Of this amount, $ 8.0 million relates to the PSUs granted in 2023 whose performance period ended December 31, 2025. These awards will be settled within the upcoming year either in cash or stock. The fair value of performance stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 6.6 million, $ 5.4 million and $ 4.5 million, respectively. The expense related to performance stock units for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 10.9 million, $ 7.8 million and $ 6.6 million, respectively. At the December 31, 2025 calculated fair market value, approximately $ 3.3 million of compensation expense related to performance stock units will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.0 years.

We generally issue treasury shares for stock options and restricted stock, unless treasury shares are not available. Upon the vesting of restricted shares, we have allowed the holder to elect to surrender an amount of shares to meet their statutory tax withholding requirements. These shares are accounted for as treasury stock based upon the value of the stock on the date of vesting.

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units

The following table summarizes activity under our restricted stock plans (shares in thousands):

Approximately $ 4.8 million of compensation expense related to restricted stock and restricted stock units will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years. We determine the fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units based on the quoted price of our stock at the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of restricted stock shares and units awarded during 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 378.49 , $ 315.04 and $ 164.47 , respectively. The fair value of restricted stock vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 20.9 million, $ 19.8 million and $ 9.3 million, respectively.

Performance Stock Units

Under the 2017 Plan, we granted dollar-denominated performance vesting restricted stock units (“PSUs”), which cliff vest at the end of a three-year performance period. The PSUs are subject to two performance measures; 50 % of the PSUs are based on the annual performance of our stock price relative to a group of our peers (total shareholder return) and 50 % of the PSUs are measured based on meeting or exceeding a pre-determined annual earnings per share target as set by our Board of Directors (EPS). Depending on the Company’s performance in relation to the established performance measures, the awards may vest at zero to a maximum of 2.0 times the dollar-denominated award granted at target. Upon achievement of the necessary performance metrics, the award will be determined in dollars and may be settled in cash or stock on the settlement date, at our discretion.

Compensation expense for dollar-denominated performance units will ultimately be equal to the final dollar value awarded to the grantee upon vesting, settled either in cash or stock. However, throughout the performance period we must record and accrue expense based on an estimate of that future payout. For units determined by EPS performance, the awards are evaluated quarterly against established targets in order to estimate the liability throughout the vesting period. For units determined by total shareholder return performance, a Monte Carlo simulation model is used to estimate accruals throughout the vesting period. The model simulates our total shareholder return and compares it against our peer group over the three-year performance period to produce a predicted distribution of relative share performance. This is applied to the reward criteria to give an expected value of the total shareholder return element. The calculated fair market value as of December 31, 2025 was $ 22.9 million. Of this amount, $ 8.0 million relates to the PSUs granted in 2023 whose performance period ended December 31, 2025. These awards will be settled within the upcoming year either in cash or stock. The fair value of performance stock units vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $ 6.6 million, $ 5.4 million and $ 4.5 million, respectively. The expense related to performance stock units for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 10.9 million, $ 7.8 million and $ 6.6 million, respectively. At the December 31, 2025 calculated fair market value, approximately $ 3.3 million of compensation expense related to performance stock units will be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.0 years.

We estimated the fair value of the total shareholder return portion of the PSUs as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 using a Monte Carlo simulation model with the following assumptions: The look-back period reflects the remaining performance period as of the respective year-end dates. The risk-free interest rate for the remaining performance period is based on U.S. Treasury rates as of the respective year-end dates. The assumption for the expected volatility reflects the daily annualized historical volatility on the Company’s dividend adjusted close stock prices measured over the look-back period. The dividend yield assumption is based on the annualized most recent quarterly dividend divided by the stock price on the respective year-end dates. 16. Segment Information We have two reportable segments: (a) our mechanical segment, which includes HVAC, plumbing, piping, and controls, as well as off-site construction, monitoring and fire protection; and (b) our electrical segment, which includes installation and servicing of electrical systems. We consider these two lines of business to be separate segments because they require different skill sets, and the business models for providing services have some differences, as a mechanical system requires ongoing maintenance and monitoring and an electrical system generally does not. However, the business model for installation of new systems or retrofitting existing systems is very similar between the two segments. Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) reviews financial information for operational decision-making purposes. Our CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. Our CODM allocates resources such as employees and capital resources primarily based on historical and potential future revenue, gross profit and operating income. Our CODM also uses segment gross profit and operating income when assessing pricing and performance by management teams in our operating segments. Our activities are within the mechanical services industry and the electrical services industry, which represent our two reportable segments. We aggregate our operating segments into two reportable segments, as the operating segments meet all of the aggregation criteria. Substantially all of our revenue is generated, and all of our assets are located, in the United States, our country of domicile. The following tables present information about our reportable segments (in thousands):

We estimated the fair value of the total shareholder return portion of the PSUs as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 using a Monte Carlo simulation model with the following assumptions:

The look-back period reflects the remaining performance period as of the respective year-end dates. The risk-free interest rate for the remaining performance period is based on U.S. Treasury rates as of the respective year-end dates. The assumption for the expected volatility reflects the daily annualized historical volatility on the Company’s dividend adjusted close stock prices measured over the look-back period. The dividend yield assumption is based on the annualized most recent quarterly dividend divided by the stock price on the respective year-end dates.

16. Segment Information

We have two reportable segments: (a) our mechanical segment, which includes HVAC, plumbing, piping, and controls, as well as off-site construction, monitoring and fire protection; and (b) our electrical segment, which includes installation and servicing of electrical systems. We consider these two lines of business to be separate segments because they require different skill sets, and the business models for providing services have some differences, as a mechanical system requires ongoing maintenance and monitoring and an electrical system generally does not. However, the business model for installation of new systems or retrofitting existing systems is very similar between the two segments. Segment information is prepared on the same basis that our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) reviews financial information for operational decision-making purposes. Our CODM is the Chief Executive Officer. Our CODM allocates resources such as employees and capital resources primarily based on historical and potential future revenue, gross profit and operating income. Our CODM also uses segment gross profit and operating income when assessing pricing and performance by management teams in our operating segments.

Our activities are within the mechanical services industry and the electrical services industry, which represent our two reportable segments. We aggregate our operating segments into two reportable segments, as the operating segments meet all of the aggregation criteria. Substantially all of our revenue is generated, and all of our assets are located, in the United States, our country of domicile. The following tables present information about our reportable segments (in thousands):

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, one customer represented 12.8 %, 13.3 % and 13.8 % of consolidated revenue, respectively, and was included in our mechanical segment revenues.

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our executive management is responsible for ensuring the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. We conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) during the three months ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013 framework). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The Company acquired Feyen-Zylstra Holdings, LLC and Meisner Electric, Inc . in October 2025, Right Way Plumbing & Mechanical LLC in May 2025 and Century Contractors, LLC in January 2025. Due to the recent nature of these business combinations, Feyen Zylstra, Meisner, Right Way, and Century’s internal control over financial reporting and related processes have not been fully integrated into the Company’s existing systems and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. As such, our management has excluded Feyen Zylstra, Meisner, Right Way, and Century from its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Collectively, Feyen Zylstra, Meisner, Right Way and Century comprised 7.0% of total assets and 2.2% of revenues in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included elsewhere herein, has issued an attestation report auditing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Comfort Systems USA, Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Comfort Systems USA, Inc and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated February 19, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Feyen-Zylstra Holdings, LLC (“Feyen Zylstra”) (acquired October 1, 2025), Meisner Electric, Inc . (“Meisner”) (acquired October 1, 2025), Right Way Plumbing & Mechanical LLC (“Right Way”) (acquired May 1, 2025) and Century Contractors, LLC (“Century”) ( acquired January 1, 2025) and whose financial statements collectively constitute 7.0% of total assets and 2.2% of total revenues in the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Feyen Zylstra, Meisner, Right Way and Century.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Controls. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Houston, Texas

February 19, 2026

ITEM 9B. Other Information

Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Officers

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, no directors or officers of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408(a) and (c) of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, and our principal accounting officer, as well as to our other employees. This code of ethics consists of our Code of Conduct. The Company has made this code of ethics available on our website, as described in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we make substantive amendments to this code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on Form 8-K within four business days of such amendment or waiver.

We have an insider trading policy which governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities (and related derivative securities) by the Company, directors, officers and key employees and other covered persons and is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of the Company’s Insider Trading Window Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The other information required by this Item 10 will be furnished on or prior to May 1, 2026 (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement involving the election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information.

ITEMS 11, 12, 13 AND 14.

The information required by Items 11, 12, 13 and 14 will be furnished on or prior to May 1, 2026 (and is hereby incorporated by reference) by an amendment hereto or pursuant to a definitive proxy statement involving the election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A that will contain such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, information appearing in the sections “Compensation Committee Report” and “Audit Committee Report” shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K.

PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

None.

Reference is made to the Index of Exhibits immediately following the signature page thereof, which is incorporated herein by reference.

None.

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

INDEX OF EXHIBITS

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
