ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

MARKET RISK

The Company is exposed to certain market risks that exist as part of its ongoing business operations, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, price volatility for certain commodities and changes in interest rates. The Company does not engage in speculative or leveraged transactions and does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.

Interest Rate Risk

The Company's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to the fair value of the Company's fixed rate debt. Refer to Note 10. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data for details related to the fair value of the Company's debt instruments. Additionally, rising interest rates would negatively impact the amount of interest expense related to new issuances of commercial paper and the outstanding Euro term loans borrowed under the Euro Credit Agreement.

Foreign Currency Risk

The Company operates in the U.S. and 48 foreign countries. The funding for the foreign manufacturing operations is provided primarily through the permanent investment of equity capital. The Company's products are typically manufactured and sold within the same country or economic union. Therefore, the Company's manufacturing operations generally do not have significant assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than their functional currencies.

The outstanding balances of the Euro notes issued in May 2014, May 2015, June 2019 and May 2024, and the term loan under the Euro Credit Agreement are designated as hedges of a portion of the Company's net investment in Euro-denominated foreign operations to reduce foreign currency risk associated with the investment in these operations. Changes in the value of this debt resulting from fluctuations in the Euro to U.S. Dollar exchange rate have been recorded as foreign currency translation adjustments within Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The amount of pre-tax gain (loss) related to these notes that was recorded in Other comprehensive income (loss) for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $(589) million, $301 million and $(109) million, respectively. The carrying value of the outstanding balance of Euro-denominated debt that was designated as a net investment hedge as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was $5.0 billion and $4.4 billion, respectively. Refer to Note 10. Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data for additional information regarding the Company's outstanding Euro debt.
