UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

OR

For the transition period from to

Commission file number 1-4797

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC .

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ( 847 ) 724-7500

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2025 was approximately $ 71.9 billion based on the New York Stock Exchange closing sales price as of June 30, 2025.

Shares of common stock outstanding at January 31, 2026: 288.2 million.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

PART I

ITEM 1. Business

General

Illinois Tool Works Inc. (the "Company" or "ITW") was founded in 1912 and incorporated in 1915. The Company's ticker symbol is ITW. The Company is a global manufacturer of a diversified range of industrial products and equipment with 88 divisions in 49 countries. As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 43,000 people.

The Company's operations are organized and managed based on similar product offerings and end markets, and are reported to senior management as the following seven segments: Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test & Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers & Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products. The following is a description of the Company's seven segments:

Automotive OEM — This segment is a global, niche supplier to top tier OEMs, providing unique innovation to address pain points for sophisticated customers with complex problems. Businesses in this segment produce components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. This segment primarily serves the automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers market. Products in this segment include:

• plastic and metal components, fasteners and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks and other industrial uses.

Food Equipment — This segment is a highly focused and branded industry leader in commercial food equipment differentiated by innovation and integrated service offerings. This segment primarily serves the food service, food retail and food institutional/restaurant markets. Products in this segment include:

• warewashing equipment;

• cooking equipment, including ovens, ranges and broilers;

• refrigeration equipment, including refrigerators, freezers and prep tables;

• food processing equipment, including slicers, mixers and scales;

• kitchen exhaust, ventilation and pollution control systems; and

• food equipment service, maintenance and repair.

Test & Measurement and Electronics — This segment is a branded and innovative producer of test and measurement and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair, and operations, or "MRO" solutions that improve efficiency and quality for customers in diverse end markets. Businesses in this segment produce equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. This segment primarily serves the electronics, general industrial, automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers, energy, industrial capital goods and consumer durables markets. Products in this segment include:

• equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials, structures, gases and fluids;

• electronic assembly equipment;

• electronic components and component packaging;

• static control equipment and consumables used for contamination control in clean room environments; and

• pressure sensitive adhesives and components for electronics, medical, transportation and telecommunications applications.

Welding — This segment is a branded value-added equipment and specialty consumable manufacturer with innovative and leading technology. Businesses in this segment produce arc welding equipment, consumables and accessories for a wide array of industrial and commercial applications. This segment primarily serves the general industrial market, which includes fabrication, shipbuilding and other general industrial markets, and construction, energy, MRO, industrial capital goods and automotive original equipment manufacturers and tiers markets. Products in this segment include:

• arc welding equipment; and

• metal arc welding consumables and related accessories.

Polymers & Fluids — This segment is a branded supplier to niche markets that require value-added, differentiated products. Businesses in this segment produce engineered adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. This segment primarily serves the automotive aftermarket, general industrial and MRO markets. Products in this segment include:

• adhesives for industrial, construction and consumer purposes;

• chemical fluids which clean or add lubrication to machines;

• epoxy and resin-based coating products for industrial applications;

• hand wipes and cleaners for industrial applications;

• fluids, polymers and other supplies for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance;

• fillers and putties for auto body repair; and

• polyester coatings and patch and repair products for the marine industry.

Construction Products — This segment is a branded supplier of innovative engineered fastening systems and solutions. This segment primarily serves the residential construction, renovation/remodel and commercial construction markets. Products in this segment include:

• fasteners and related fastening tools for wood and metal applications;

• anchors, fasteners and related tools for concrete applications;

• metal plate truss components and related equipment and software; and

• packaged hardware, fasteners, anchors and other products for retail.

Specialty Products — This segment is focused on diversified niche market opportunities with substantial patent protection producing beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. This segment primarily serves the food and beverage, consumer durables, airlines, general industrial, industrial capital goods and printing and publishing markets. Products in this segment include:

• conveyor systems and line automation for the food and beverage industries;

• plastic consumables that multi-pack cans and bottles and related equipment;

• foil, film and related equipment used to decorate consumer products;

• product coding and marking equipment and related consumables;

• plastic and metal closures and components for appliances;

• airport ground support equipment; and

• components for medical devices.

The information set forth below is applicable to all segments of the Company unless otherwise noted.

The ITW Business Model

The powerful and highly differentiated ITW Business Model is the Company's core source of value creation. It is the Company's competitive advantage and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The ITW Business Model is comprised of three unique elements:

• ITW's 80/20 Front-to-Back process is the operating system that is applied in every ITW business. Initially introduced as a manufacturing efficiency tool in the 1980s, ITW has continually refined, improved and expanded 80/20 into a proprietary, holistic business management process that generates significant value for the Company and its customers. Through the application of data driven insights generated by 80/20 practice, ITW focuses on its largest and best opportunities (the "80") and eliminates cost, complexity and distractions associated with the less profitable opportunities (the "20"). 80/20 enables ITW businesses to consistently achieve world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation, while generating superior financial performance;

• Customer-back Innovation has fueled decades of profitable growth at ITW. The Company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from the 80/20 Front-to-Back process. Working from the customer back, ITW businesses position themselves as the go-to problem solver for their "80" customers. ITW's innovation efforts are focused on understanding customer needs, particularly those in "80" markets with solid long-term growth fundamentals, and creating unique solutions to address those needs. These customer insights and learnings drive innovation at ITW and have contributed to a portfolio of approximately 21,800 granted and pending patents; and

• ITW's Decentralized, Entrepreneurial Culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive. ITW businesses have significant flexibility within the framework of the ITW Business Model to customize their approach in order to best serve their specific customers' needs. ITW colleagues recognize their unique responsibilities to execute the Company's strategy and values. As a result, the Company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets.

ENTERPRISE STRATEGY: 2012 - 2023

In late 2012, ITW began its strategic framework transitioning the Company to fully leverage the unique and powerful set of capabilities and operating practices of the ITW Business Model. The Company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. ITW determined that solid and consistent above-market organic growth is the core growth engine to deliver world-class financial performance and compelling long-term returns for its shareholders.

Key initiatives in the Company's enterprise strategy included portfolio management, business structure simplification, strategic sourcing and the diligent re-application of ITW's proprietary 80/20 Front-to-Back process.

• As part of the Portfolio Management initiative, ITW exited businesses that were operating in commoditized market spaces and prioritized sustainable differentiation as a must-have requirement for all ITW businesses. This process included both divesting entire businesses and exiting commoditized product lines and customers inside otherwise highly differentiated ITW divisions.

• Business Structure Simplification was implemented to simplify and scale up ITW's operating structure to support increased engineering, marketing, and sales resources, and improve global reach and competitiveness, all of which were critical to driving accelerated organic growth. ITW now has 88 scaled-up divisions with significantly enhanced focus on growth investments, core customers and products, and customer-back innovation.

• The Strategic Sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year since 2013 and continues to be a key contributor to the Company's ongoing enterprise strategy.

• With the initial portfolio realignment and scale-up work largely completed, the Company shifted its focus to preparing for and accelerating organic growth, reapplying the 80/20 Front-to-Back process to optimize its scaled-up divisions for growth, first, to build a foundation of operational excellence, and second, to identify the best opportunities to drive organic growth.

Since implementing the Company's enterprise strategy in 2012, the Company has demonstrated the compelling performance potential of the ITW Business Model and superior 80/20 management, resulting in meaningful incremental improvement in margins and returns as evidenced by the Company's operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. At the same time, these 80/20 initiatives may also result in restructuring initiatives that reduce costs and improve profitability and returns.

OUR NEXT PHASE: 2024 - 2030

In the Next Phase of the Company's evolution, the ITW Business Model and the Enterprise Strategy framework will be as formidable of a competitive advantage and performance differentiator as it has been over the last decade, if not more so. Volatility, risk and the pace of change in the global operating environment will continue to increase, and a decentralized entrepreneurial culture allows the Company to be a fast adaptor – to read, react, respond and evolve. The Company's ability to consistently execute and invest through the ups and downs of the business cycle is now a defining competitive advantage.

Throughout the Next Phase, the Company's focus is to build organic growth into a core ITW strength on par with the Company's world-class financial performance and operational capabilities. Throughout this phase, the Company will sustain its foundational strengths built over the past decade, including the high-quality ITW Business Model practice. Customer-back Innovation ("CBI") is the most impactful driver to achieve high-quality organic growth through the cycle by establishing trusted problem solver relationships with key customers to effectively invent solutions that address customers' most critical pain points or tackle the biggest growth opportunities. CBI successes, coupled with underlying market growth and share gains, are how the Company intends to achieve its high-quality organic growth .

During the Next Phase, ITW will continue to drive 80/20 Front-to-Back practice excellence in every division in the Company, every day, further improving customer-facing performance and supporting additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level.

Portfolio Discipline

The Company only operates in industries where it can generate significant, long-term competitive advantage from the ITW Business Model. ITW businesses have the right "raw material" in terms of market and business attributes that best fit the ITW Business Model and have significant potential to drive above-market organic growth over the long-term.

The Company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value ITW's differentiated products, services and solutions. ITW's portfolio operates in highly diverse end markets and geographies which makes the Company more resilient in the face of uncertain or volatile market environments.

The Company routinely evaluates its portfolio to ensure it delivers sustainable differentiation and drives consistent long-term performance. This includes both implementing portfolio refinements and assessing selective high-quality acquisitions to supplement ITW's long-term growth potential.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, plans were approved to divest one business in the Specialty Products segment. This business was presented as held for sale beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022. This business was sold on April 3, 2023, with no significant gain or loss upon sale. Operating revenue related to this business that was included in the Company's results of operations was $9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 3. Divestitures in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's divestitures.

On January 2, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $57 million, net of cash acquired. On April 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $59 million, net of cash acquired. The Company has completed the allocation of purchase price for both of these acquisitions. On October 1, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of one business in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment for $120 million, net of cash acquired, and subject to certain closing adjustments. The allocation of purchase price for this acquisition will be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. These acquisitions were not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Refer to Note 2. Acquisitions in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding the Company's acquisitions.

On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with affiliates of Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC ("CD&R") for the sale of the Company's noncontrolling equity interest in Wilsonart International Holdings LLC ("Wilsonart") for $398 million. The transaction closed immediately after the execution of the purchase agreement. Proceeds from the transaction, net of transaction costs, were $395 million, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $363 million which was included in Other income (expense) in the Statement of Income. Income taxes on the gain were more than offset by a discrete tax benefit of $107 million in the third quarter of 2024 related to the utilization of capital loss carryforwards upon the sale of Wilsonart. Refer to Note 5. Other Income (Expense) and Note 6. Income Taxes in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding this transaction.

Current Year Developments

Refer to Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Distribution Methods

The Company's businesses primarily distribute their products directly to industrial manufacturers and through independent distributors.

Backlog

Backlog generally is not considered a significant factor in the Company's businesses as relatively short delivery periods and rapid inventory turnover are characteristic of most of their products.

Competition

With operations in 49 countries, the Company offers a wide range of products in a myriad of markets, many of which are fragmented, and the Company encounters a variety of competitors that vary by product line, end market and geographic area. The Company's competitors include many regional or specialized companies, as well as large U.S. and non-U.S. companies or divisions of large companies. Each of the Company's segments generally has several main competitors and numerous smaller ones in most of their end markets and geographic areas. In addition to numerous smaller regional competitors, the Welding segment competes globally with Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. and ESAB Corporation.

In virtually all segments, the Company differentiates its businesses from its competitors based on product innovation, product quality, brand preference and service delivery. Technical capability is also a competitive factor in most segments. The Company believes that each segment's primary competitive advantages derive from the ITW Business Model and decentralized operating structure, which creates a strong focus on end markets and customers at the local level, enabling its businesses to respond rapidly to market dynamics. This structure enables the Company's businesses to drive operational excellence utilizing the Company's 80/20 Front-to-Back process and leveraging its product innovation capabilities. The Company also believes that its global footprint is a competitive advantage in many of its markets, especially in its Automotive OEM segment.

Raw Materials

The Company uses raw materials of various types, primarily steel, resins and chemicals, that are available from numerous commercial sources. The availability of materials and energy has not resulted in any significant business interruptions or other major problems, and no such problems are currently anticipated.

Intellectual Property

The Company owns approximately 4,200 unexpired U.S. patents and 10,400 unexpired foreign patents covering articles, methods and machines. In addition, the Company has approximately 1,600 applications for patents pending in the U.S. Patent Office and 5,600 applications pending in foreign patent offices. There is no assurance that any of these patents will be issued. The Company maintains a patent group for the administration of patents and processing of patent applications.

The Company believes that many of its patents are valuable and important; however, the expiration of any one of the Company's patents would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations or financial position. The Company also credits its success in the markets it serves to engineering capability; manufacturing techniques; skills and efficiency; marketing and sales promotion; and service and delivery of quality products to its customers.

In addition to patents, many of the Company's products and services are sold under various owned or licensed trademarks, which are important to the Company in the aggregate. Some of the Company's more significant trademarks include ITW, which is also used in conjunction with the trademarks of many of the Company's businesses; Deltar and Shakeproof in the Automotive OEM segment; Hobart in the Food Equipment segment; Instron and MTS in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment; Miller in the Welding segment; Rain-X and Permatex in the Polymers & Fluids segment; Paslode in the Construction Products segment; and Hi-Cone in the Specialty Products segment.

Government Regulations

The Company believes that its businesses and operations, including its manufacturing plants and equipment, are in substantial compliance with all applicable government laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, consumer protection, international trade, labor and employment, human rights, tax, anti-bribery and competition matters. Any additional measures to maintain compliance are not expected to materially affect the Company's capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities), competitive position, financial position or results of operations.

Various legislative and administrative regulations applicable to the Company in the matters noted above have become effective or are under consideration in many parts of the world. To date, such developments have not had a substantial adverse impact on the Company's revenues, earnings or cash flows. However, if new or amended laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, the Company's business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information.

Human Capital Management

As of December 31, 2025, the Company employed approximately 43,000 people, with approximately 16,000 people located in the United States and the remainder in multiple other countries where the Company's businesses operate. The Company strives to be a great employer through its demonstrated commitment to employee safety, its workplace culture, talent development, the ITW employee experience, compensation and benefits.

Employee Safety . The safety and well-being of ITW's colleagues around the world is its top priority, in addition to being an essential component of our commitment to be a great employer. Guided by the Company's Enterprise Safety Strategy and the philosophy that every accident is preventable, ITW strives every day to foster a proactive safety culture. ITW's Enterprise Safety Strategy and Safety Policy are based on the following core principles: (i) a goal of zero accidents; (ii) shared ownership for safety (business and individual); (iii) proactive approach focused on accident prevention; (iv) continuous improvement philosophy; and (v) compliance with applicable national, regional, and local health and safety laws and regulations.

Workplace Culture . The Company's culture is deeply rooted in its core values: Integrity, Respect, Trust, Shared Risk and Simplicity. ITW colleagues are empowered to think and act like business owners within the Company's decentralized, entrepreneurial culture. Our decentralized structure allows each division to operate with autonomy and enables our people to embrace the personal impact they can make.

Talent Development . The Company strives for all colleagues to "own" their careers and feel valued for the work they do. ITW colleagues are encouraged to learn new skills and capabilities primarily through on-the-job experience, hands-on coaching and feedback, in addition to formal training.

The Great ITW Leader Framework defines leadership capabilities and attributes to help colleagues to reach their full potential as leaders. Great ITW Leaders are expected to make great strategic choices to drive above-market organic growth, be an expert in the practice of customer-back innovation and the ITW Business Model, deliver great results, be great talent managers and lead through ITW's culture and values. Great ITW Leaders who have expertise in the ITW Business Model are the critical factor in translating the potential of the ITW Business Model into full performance. Because this expertise develops over time and through specific experiences, the Company focuses on developing and promoting its own talent to support the Company's sustained business success over the long term.

The ITW Employee Experience . ITW believes it is at its best when it brings together unique perspectives, experiences, and ideas. Rooted in ITW's core values of Respect and Integrity, the Company is committed to equal employment opportunity, fair treatment and creating inclusive workplaces where all ITW colleagues can perform to their full potential. Consistent with these values, ITW is also committed to attracting the best talent for its global leadership teams, valuing the perspectives of every ITW colleague, and reflecting the communities where we live and work. ITW drives progress through a comprehensive enterprise talent management strategy, which focuses on: (i) leadership commitment and accountability; (ii) attracting and retaining great ITW talent; (iii) creating inclusive workplaces; and (iv) striving to be a great employer.

Compensation and Benefits . As a global employer, the Company is committed to providing market-competitive compensation and benefits that support physical, mental, and financial well-being to attract and retain great talent across its global divisions. Specific compensation and benefits vary worldwide and are based on regional practices. In the U.S., the Company focuses on providing a comprehensive, competitive benefits package that supports the health and wellness, educational endeavors, community involvement and financial stability of its colleagues.

Labor Relations . Less than three percent of the Company's U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Outside the U.S., employees in certain countries are represented by an employee representative organization, such as a union, works council or employee association. The Company considers its employee relations to be excellent.

Information About Our Executive Officers

The executive officers of the Company serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Set forth below is information regarding the principal occupations and employment and business experience over the past five years for each executive officer. Unless otherwise stated, employment is by the Company.

Executive Officers of the Company as of February 13, 2026 were as follows:

Available Information

Copies of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through the Company's website ( www.itw.com ), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing with or otherwise furnishing such information to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").
