UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

For the fiscal year ended February 1 , 2025

OR

For the transition period from _______ to _______

Commission file number 1-4908

The TJX Companies, Inc.

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 508 ) 390-1000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ .

If an emerging growth company indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on August 3, 2024 , the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $ 128 billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.

There were 1,117,100,487 shares of the registrant’s common stock, $1.00 par value, outstanding as of March 21, 2025.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 10, 2025 (Part III).

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Form 10-K and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders contain “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “strive,” “target,” “will,” and “would,” or any variations of these words or other words with similar meanings. These forward-looking statements address various matters that we intend, expect or believe may occur in the future, including, among others, some of the statements in this Form 10-K under Item 1, “Business,” Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” relating to, among other things: the Company's anticipated operating and financial performance, business plans and prospects, investments, the availability of merchandise, execution of our business model, payment of dividends, plans for future stock repurchases, future use and availability of cash and cash equivalents, expected capital expenditures, trends in demand for our products, the impact of foreign exchange rates, expectations with respect to future store openings, and the impact of fuel resources and supply chain on our inventory flow and financial performance and plans with respect to long-term indebtedness. Each forward-looking statement contained in this Form 10-K and our Annual Report to Shareholders is inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statement.

We cannot guarantee that the results and other expectations expressed, anticipated or implied in any forward-looking statement will be realized. Applicable risks and uncertainties include, among others: execution of buying strategy and inventory management; customer trends and preferences; competition; various marketing efforts; operational and business expansion; management of large size and scale; merchandise sourcing and transport; international trade and tariff policies; data security and maintenance and development of information technology systems; labor costs and workforce challenges; personnel recruitment, training and retention; corporate and retail banner reputation; evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters; expanding international operations; fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results and market expectations; inventory or asset loss; cash flow; mergers, acquisitions, or business investments and divestitures, closings or business consolidations; real estate activities; economic conditions and consumer spending; market instability; severe weather, serious disruptions or catastrophic events; disproportionate impact of disruptions during this fiscal year; commodity availability and pricing; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; compliance with laws, regulations and orders and changes in laws, regulations and applicable accounting standards; outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters; quality, safety and other issues with our merchandise; tax matters; and other factors set forth under Item 1A of this Form 10-K, as well as the other information we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

We caution investors, potential investors and others not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. You are encouraged to read any further disclosures we may make in our future reports to the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, on our website, or otherwise.

Our forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K and our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders speak only as of the dates on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of these statements, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized. Our business is subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these risks and uncertainties.

The TJX Companies, Inc.

PART I
