Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Refer to “TABLE OF CONTENTS - Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries, Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries, Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries, Entergy Mississippi, LLC and Subsidiaries, Entergy New Orleans, LLC and Subsidiaries, Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries, and System Energy Resources, Inc.”

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

No event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, or System Energy.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of December 31, 2025, evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy (each individually a “Registrant” and collectively the “Registrants”) management, including their respective Principal Executive Officers (PEO) and Principal Financial Officers (PFO). The evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluations, each PEO and PFO has concluded that, as to the Registrant or Registrants for which they serve as PEO or PFO, the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms; and that the Registrant’s or Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrant’s or Registrants’ management, including their respective PEOs and PFOs, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy)

The managements of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy (each individually a “Registrant” and collectively the “Registrants”) are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Registrants. Each Registrant’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each Registrant’s financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

Each Registrant’s management assessed the effectiveness of each Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, each Registrant’s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. The 2013 COSO Framework was utilized for management’s assessment.

Based on each management’s assessment and the criteria set forth by the 2013 COSO Framework, each Registrant’s management believes that each Registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025.

The report of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Entergy Corporation’s independent registered public accounting firm, regarding Entergy Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is included herein. The report of Deloitte & Touche LLP is not applicable to Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy because these Registrants are non-accelerated filers.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Under the supervision and with the participation of each Registrant’s management, including its respective PEO and PFO, each Registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and Board of Directors of

Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries (the “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control —Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 of the Corporation and our report dated February 19, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Corporation’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Item 9A, Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana

February 19, 2026

Item 9B. Other Information

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Investigation

The Staff of the Division of Enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission conducted an investigation regarding Entergy’s processes and controls relating to its accounting for materials and supplies inventory. In December 2024, Entergy reached a settlement with the SEC to resolve the previously disclosed SEC investigation into Entergy’s internal controls and books and records concerning potential surplus materials and supplies inventory. Under the settlement terms, in which Entergy neither admitted nor denied the SEC’s allegations, Entergy consented to the entry of an injunction, paid a $12 million civil penalty, which was accrued in 2024 and paid in January 2025, and agreed to engage a consultant to conduct an assessment and make recommendations concerning Entergy’s internal controls related to the accounting for surplus materials and supplies. In September 2025 the independent consultant completed its assessment and submitted a report to Entergy and the SEC. Entergy has implemented the independent consultant’s recommendations and the independent consultant will conduct a follow-up audit in December 2026.

Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, the following directors or officers of Entergy or the Registrant Subsidiaries adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, relating to shares of Entergy Corporation common stock:

(a) Each trading arrangement marked as a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c).

(b) Except as indicated by footnote, each trading arrangement permitted or permits transactions through and including the earlier to occur of (a) the completion of all purchases or sales or (b) the expiration date listed in the table. Each trading arrangement marked as a “Rule 10b5-1 Plan” only permitted or only permits transactions upon expiration of the applicable mandatory cooling-off period under Rule 10b5-1(c), as amended.

Other than those disclosed above, no director or officer of Entergy or any of the Registrant Subsidiaries adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” during the three months ended December 31, 2025 .

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance of the Registrants (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas)

Information required by this item concerning directors of Entergy Corporation is set forth under the heading “Proposal 1 – Election of Directors” contained in the Proxy Statement of Entergy Corporation, to be filed in connection with its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 8, 2026 (the “2026 Entergy Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated herein by reference.

All officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.

The directors and officers of Entergy Texas are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of its sole common stockholder. The directors and officers of Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of the sole common membership owner, Entergy Utility Holding Company, LLC. Entergy Corporation’s directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. Entergy Corporation’s officers are elected annually at a meeting of its Board of Directors, which immediately follows the annual meeting of shareholders. The age of each officer and director for whom information is presented above is as of December 31, 2025.

Directors, Director Nomination Process and Audit Committee

The information required under Item 10 concerning directors and nominees for election as directors of Entergy Corporation at the annual meeting of shareholders (Item 401 of Regulation S-K), the director nomination process (Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K), the audit committee (Item 407(d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K), and the compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 16 (“Section 16”) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (Item 405 of Regulation S-K) is incorporated herein by reference to information to be contained in the 2026 Entergy Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

Code of Ethics

Entergy Corporation’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code of Business Conduct) is the code of ethics that applies to Entergy’s Chief Executive Officer and other senior financial officers, including those of the Registrant Subsidiaries. The Code of Business Conduct is filed as Exhibit 14 to this report and is available on Entergy Corporation’s website at www.entergy.com. The Code of Business Conduct will be made available, without charge, in print to any shareholder who requests such document from Entergy Corporation’s Corporate Secretary at Entergy Corporation, 639 Loyola Avenue, New Orleans, Louisiana 70113.

If any substantive amendments to the Code of Business Conduct are made or any waivers are granted, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct, for any director or executive officer of Entergy Corporation, Entergy will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on Entergy’s website, www.entergy.com. Entergy is providing the address to its internet site solely for the information of investors and does not intend the address to be an active link. Notwithstanding this reference or any references to the website in this report, the contents of the website are not incorporated into this report.

Insider Trading Policies and Procedures

Entergy Corporation and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries has adopted an insider trading policy which is reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations and which governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of Entergy Corporation’s and the Registrant Subsidiaries’ securities, by any directors, officers and employees of Entergy Corporation and its subsidiaries, including the Registrant Subsidiaries, and by Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries themselves as well as the applicable rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of the insider trading policy that has been adopted by Entergy Corporation and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries is filed as Exhibit 19 to this report.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

ENTERGY CORPORATION

Information concerning compensation earned by the directors and officers of Entergy Corporation is set forth in the 2026 Entergy Proxy Statement, to be filed in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 8, 2026, under the headings “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Annual Compensation Programs Risk Assessment,” “Compensation Tables,” “Pay Ratio Disclosure,” and “2025 Non-Employee Director Compensation,” all of which information is incorporated herein by reference. In this section, Entergy Corporation is also referred to as “Entergy” or the “Company.”

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, ENTERGY LOUISIANA, ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, AND ENTERGY TEXAS

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) describes the executive compensation policies, programs, philosophy, and decisions regarding the Named Executive Officers (“NEOs”) for 2025. It also explains how and why the Talent and Compensation Committee of Entergy Corporation’s Board of Directors arrived at the compensation decisions involving the NEOs in 2025, who were:

(1) Mr. Marsh and Mses. Cook-Nelson and Fontan hold the positions referenced above as executive officers of Entergy Corporation. Mr. Brown served as our Executive Vice President and General Counsel until December 1, 2025, on which date he transitioned to his current executive role in connection with a planned leadership transition and his planned retirement from the Company. Ms. Cook-Nelson served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer until May 1, 2025, on which date she was promoted to her current role. No additional compensation was paid in 2025 to any of these officers for their service as NEOs of the Utility operating companies.

All of Entergy Arkansas’s, Entergy Louisiana’s, Entergy Mississippi’s, Entergy New Orleans’s, and Entergy Texas’s directors are employees of Entergy or its subsidiaries and do not receive any additional compensation for their services as director.

Entergy Corporation’s Compensation Principles and Philosophy

Entergy Corporation’s executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay for performance aimed at achieving the Company’s strategy and business objectives. Entergy Corporation believes its executive compensation programs advance the interests of all of its stakeholders, as they are thoughtfully designed to:

• Motivate and reward the achievement of results that are deemed by the Talent and Compensation Committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the Board has approved for the Company.

• Attract and retain a highly experienced, engaged, qualified, and successful management team.

• Create sustainable value for the benefit of all of Entergy Corporation’s stakeholders, including its customers, employees, communities, and owners.

• Align the interests of Entergy Corporation’s executive officers with the Company’s long-term business strategy by tying equity-based awards to performance metrics designed to focus Entergy Corporation’s executives on driving continuous improvement in operational and financial results to the benefit of all stakeholders, including Entergy Corporation’s customers, employees, communities, and owners.

Compensation Best Practices

The Talent and Compensation Committee reviews Entergy’s executive compensation programs on an ongoing basis to evaluate whether they support the Company’s executive compensation principles and philosophy and are aligned with the interests of our stakeholders. The Company’s executive compensation practices include the following, each of which the Talent and Compensation Committee believes reinforces our executive compensation principles and philosophy:

What Entergy Corporation Pays and Why

How Entergy Corporation Makes Compensation Decisions

Role of the Talent and Compensation Committee

The Talent and Compensation Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors, determines the compensation for each member of the OCE and oversees the design and administration of Entergy’s executive compensation programs. Each year, the Talent and Compensation Committee reviews and considers a comprehensive assessment and analysis of the executive compensation programs, including the elements of each OCE member’s compensation, with input from the committee’s independent compensation consultant. When establishing the compensation programs for the NEOs, the Talent and Compensation Committee also considers input and recommendations from management, including Entergy’s Chief Executive Officer and Entergy’s Chief

Human Resources Officer, who attend the Talent and Compensation Committee meetings when requested by the committee. The Talent and Compensation Committee regularly conducts executive sessions without management present.

Role of the Independent Compensation Consultant

In 2025, the Talent and Compensation Committee continued to retain Pay Governance, LLC (“Pay Governance”) as its independent compensation consultant. Pay Governance attends all Talent and Compensation Committee meetings and provides advice, including through reviewing and commenting on market compensation data used as an input in establishing the compensation of the executive officers and Entergy Corporation’s directors, the terms and performance goals applicable to incentive program awards, the process for certifying achievement of the incentive goals, and analysis with respect to specific projects and information regarding trends and competitive practices. Pay Governance also meets with the Talent and Compensation Committee members without management present. The committee annually conducts an independence assessment of its advisors including the compensation consultant, consistent with applicable NYSE listing standards and SEC rules.

Competitive Positioning

Market Data for Compensation Comparison

Annually, the Talent and Compensation Committee reviews:

• published and private compensation survey data analyzed and provided by Pay Governance;

• both utility and general industry data to help determine total direct compensation (base salary, annual, and long-term incentive) for non-industry specific roles; and

• data from utility companies to help determine total direct compensation for management roles that are utility-specific.

The Talent and Compensation Committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total direct compensation within a targeted range of approximately the 50 th percentile of the surveyed companies in the aggregate. In general, compensation levels for executive officers who are new to a position tend to be closer to the 25 th percentile of surveyed companies, while seasoned executive officers whose experience and skill set are viewed as critical to retain may be positioned at or above the market median within surveyed companies.

Compensation Peer Group

Although the survey data described above is the primary data used in benchmarking compensation, the Talent and Compensation Committee used compensation information from the companies included in the Philadelphia Utility Index to evaluate the overall reasonableness of the Company’s executive compensation programs and to determine relative total shareholder return (“Relative TSR”) performance levels for the 2025–2027 PUP. The Talent and Compensation Committee identified the Philadelphia Utility Index as the appropriate industry peer group for determining Relative TSR performance levels because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are viewed as comparable to the Company in terms of business and scale.

The Talent and Compensation Committee approved the 2025 compensation model and framework based on compensation information from the companies included in the Philadelphia Utility Index as of October 31, 2024, which were (in addition to Entergy):

2025 Compensation Structure and Incentive Metrics

In 2025, the executive compensation programs consisted of base salary and annual and long-term incentives as outlined in the table below:

2025 Compensation Decisions

Base Salary

The salary for each NEO is based on the outcome of an annual merit review, results of the annual market assessment of NEO compensation as provided by Pay Governance, the need to retain an experienced team, job promotion, individual performance, scope of responsibility, leadership skills, and behaviors, current compensation, and internal equity. The Talent and Compensation Committee considers changes in the base salaries of the NEOs at least annually and in connection with promotions, and i n 2025, all of the NEOs received annual merit increases in their base salaries ranging from approximately 3.5% to 11%, which were effective April 1, 2025, and were based on the factors above. In addition, in May 2025, the base salary for Ms. Cook-Nelson was further increased as a result of her promotion from Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer to her current position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, considering market data as well as the compensation received by the predecessor in her role. Additionally, the base salaries of each of Messrs. May and Viamontes and Ms. Landreaux were further increased effective August 3, 2025 in recognition of their performance in their positions over the past year and certain additional responsibilities and work assumed by each of them.

The following table sets forth the 2024 and 2025 annual base salaries for each of the NEOs, after adjusting for the annual merit increases and subsequent increases discussed above, as applicable:

(1) Following the annual merit increases and prior to their subsequent base salary increases in August 2025, the base salaries of Messrs. May and Viamontes and Ms. Landreaux were $494,142, $434,800, and $454,687, respectively. Following the annual merit increase and prior to her subsequent salary increase relating to her promotion to her current position in May 2025, the base salary of Ms. Cook-Nelson was $732,600.

Annual Incentive Compensation

The NEOs are eligible for annual incentive awards pursuant to the executive annual incentive program established under our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (“2019 OIP”). The maximum funding available for the program is determined by a payout factor referred to as the Entergy Achievement Multiplier (“EAM”). Each year, after a review of the Company’s strategic plan, the Talent and Compensation Committee engages in a rigorous process to determine the performance measures and the minimum, target, and maximum performance goals for each measure that will be used to determine the EAM. The Talent and Compensation Committee also annually establishes target opportunities, as a percentage of base salary, for each member of the OCE, which includes all of the NEOs. The target opportunities for Mr. Marsh and Ms. Fontan were increased as compared to 2024 from 130% to 135% and from 85% to 90%, respectively, to align more closely with the market median due to their increased tenure in their roles and performance in their roles since their promotions to those roles in 2022. The target opportunity for Ms. Cook-Nelson was also increased from 75% to 80% as a result of her promotion to her current position, effective May 1, 2025. The 2025 target award opportunities for Messrs. Fisackerly, May, and Viamontes and Mses. Landreaux and Rodriguez, were increased by 5% as a result of their performance in their roles in 2024 and due to the increased responsibilities each of them assumed upon becoming members of the OCE in November 2024. The target opportunity for Mr. Brown remained at the same level as was established for 2024 .

Each January, after the end of the fiscal year, the Finance and Talent and Compensation Committees jointly review the Company’s results, and the Talent and Compensation Committee determines the EAM based on the payout factor against the target for each performance measure goal. The Talent and Compensation Committee retains discretion to modify the EAM based on its assessment of the degree of management’s success in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives during the year, taking into account the business and operating environment.

Individual executive officer annual incentive awards are determined based on the Talent and Compensation Committee’s consideration of not only each executive officer’s role in executing the Company’s strategies and delivering the financial and operational performance achieved, but also the individual’s accountability for any challenges and achievements the Company experienced during the year.

2025 Annual Incentive Program Performance Measures and Methodology

The measures that the Talent and Compensation Committee approved to determine the EAM for 2025 were: ETR Adjusted EPS; Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio; Safety; Customer NPS; and Talent, Culture, and Commerce, with ETR Adjusted EPS being the most heavily weighted at 60% and the remaining measures each weighted at 10%. The performance measures for the 2025 annual incentive program awards were determined by the Talent and Compensation Committee in December 2024, with the Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure and goals being finalized by the committee at its March 2025 meeting.

Minimum, target, and maximum performance goals were established for each of the measures, with no payout for results less than the designated minimum, a 25% payout opportunity for results at the minimum, a 100% payout opportunity for results at target, and a 200% payout opportunity for results equal to or exceeding the maximum. Payout opportunities for results between the minimum and target, and target and maximum performance achievement levels, respectively, were determined by straight line interpolation, with the EAM result being determined formulaically by the weighted average of the payouts determined for each of the performance measures.

Quantitative Performance Measures

All the performance measures used to determine the EAM except for the Talent, Culture and Commerce performance measure are purely quantitative measures. Following are summary descriptions of each of the quantitative performance measures, including the rationale for their selection and targets set for 2025:

Qualitative Performance Measure: Talent, Culture, and Commerce

The Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure is an overall qualitative assessment of talent, culture, and commerce outcomes determined by a combination of qualitative assessments and quantitative key performance indicators. Qualitative assessments include succession planning; leadership training; employee development; inclusion and organizational health programs; and programs on economic development and supply chain outreach. Quantitative key performance indicators are compared to external benchmarks and include voluntary regrettable turnover (i.e., voluntary termination of employees whose most recent performance rating is exceptional or exceeds); inclusive climate survey results; and local supplier managed spend.

The Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure was used in the annual incentive program because:

• It reinforces Entergy’s commitment to offer a work environment that is welcoming to all and which allows us to attract and retain superb talent supporting the execution of Entergy’s strategy.

• It rewards progress toward developing and retaining a workforce with a variety of backgrounds, experiences and perspectives and maintaining our commitment to hiring and retaining the most qualified employees.

• It drives an engaged workforce, customer-centric service and solutions, enhancement of owner value, and community partnerships.

• It supports Entergy’s efforts to incorporate local suppliers, which benefits the communities we serve and helps us build a stronger, healthier, and more resilient supply chain.

2025 Annual Incentive Program Target Performance Goal Considerations

In determining the targets for 2025, the Talent and Compensation Committee reviewed anticipated drivers and risks to the Company’s expectations for ETR Adjusted EPS and Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio for 2025 as set forth in the Company’s financial plan, as well as factors driving the strong financial performance achieved in 2024. The Talent and Compensation Committee noted that the proposed targets for ETR Adjusted EPS reflected year-to-year growth in the core earnings measure underlying the annual incentive program target consistent with Entergy’s stated objective at the beginning of the year of steady, predictable growth in ETR Adjusted EPS at a compound annual rate greater than 8% estimated through 2028. The Talent and Compensation Committee also considered the potential impact of a wide range of identified risks and opportunities and confirmed that the annual incentive program targets for each of the performance measures reflected a reasonable balancing of such risks and opportunities and an appropriate degree of challenge. The goals were designed to be achievable, but also to require the strong coordinated performance of the management team.

2025 Annual Incentive Program Performance Assessment

In January 2026, the Finance and Talent and Compensation Committees jointly reviewed the Company’s financial and operational results and assessed management’s performance against the performance measures and goals described above in order to determine the EAM. The following table summarizes the annual incentive program performance goals and results for 2025:

(1) ETR Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP measure. See "What Entergy Corporation Pays and Why—2025 Compensation Decisions—2025 Annual Incentive Program Performance Measures and Methodology " for information regarding this non-GAAP financial measure.

(2) The Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio, a non-GAAP measure, is the ratio of: (i) adjusted funds from operations calculated as consolidated operating cash flow adjusted for allowance for funds used during construction, working capital (including deferred fuel), securitization regulatory charges, 50% of interest on hybrid debt instruments and the Pre-Determined Exclusions to (ii) total consolidated debt, excluding current and

pending securitization debt and 50% of principal of hybrid debt instruments, in each case calculated to reflect rating agency treatment of interest and principal on Entergy’s junior subordinated debentures.

(3) For 2025, the Safety measure calculation was based on four sub-metrics: Entergy’s SIF count as defined by the EEI; Entergy’s TRIR; Entergy’s priority pole replacement; and Entergy’s vegetation trimming backlog, with results of the SIF and TRIR sub-metrics being weighted at 1/3 each and the results of the remaining two sub-metrics being weighted at 1/6 each. The committees assessed management’s performance at below minimum (0%) on each of the SIF and TRIR sub-metrics, 100% of target on the priority replacement pole sub-metric, and 200% of target on the vegetation trimming backlog sub-metric, resulting in an overall payout factor of 50% for the Safety measure.

(4) For 2025, the Customer NPS measure was calculated based on equally weighted categories of residential, business and large C&I customer NPS scores.

(5) Reflects the EAM as a percentage of target and as calculated in accordance with the annual incentive program.

In assessing the Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure, the committees performed a qualitative assessment of management’s performance in the areas of talent, culture and commerce, informed by certain key performance indicators and quantitative measures described above. In evaluating talent-related outcomes, which were collectively weighted at 40% of the Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure, the committees assessed management's performance at 153% of target on voluntary turnover of highly rated employees and 100% of target on succession planning, leadership training, and employee development initiatives. In evaluating culture-related outcomes, which were collectively weighted at 40% of the Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure, the committees assessed management's performance at 25% of target on the Company’s inclusive climate score and 100% of target on inclusion and organizational health initiatives. In evaluating commerce-related outcomes, which were collectively weighted at 20% of the Talent, Culture, and Commerce measure, the committees assessed management's performance at 155% of target on local supplier managed spend and 125% of target on economic development and supply chain outreach initiatives. This resulted in an assessment of 104% of target overall for the Talent, Culture, and Commerce performance measure.

To determine the individual NEO annual incentive program awards, the Talent and Compensation Committee considered individual performance in executing on the Company’s strategies, including its large customer growth strategy, and delivering the strong financial performance and operational successes achieved in 2025, as well as the executive’s success in achieving individual goals within the executive’s scope of responsibilities. With these considerations in mind, the Talent and Compensation Committee approved the following annual incentive payouts to each of the NEOs, ranging from 149% to 155% of target.

(1) Based on performance against the performance measures, the NEOs could earn a payout ranging from 0%-200% of their target opportunity. For Ms. Cook-Nelson, the payout is stated as a percentage of the officer’s pro-rated incentive target, which was determined based on the period of time served in each of the

positions held by such officer during the year and the base salary and target percentage for each such position.

Long-Term Incentive Compensation

Long-term incentive compensation delivered in shares of Entergy common stock represents the largest portion of executive officer compensation. The Company believes the combination of long-term incentives it employs provides a compelling performance-based compensation opportunity, is effective at retaining a strong senior management team, and aligns the interests of the executive officers with the interests of Entergy’s customers and shareholders by enhancing executive officers’ focus on the Company’s long-term goals.

For each NEO, a target dollar value is established to determine that NEO’s long-term incentive awards. The long-term incentive award target value for each NEO is determined based on utility industry and general industry market median compensation data for the officer’s role, as applicable, adjusted to reflect internal equity and individual performance, including each NEO’s degree of success in achieving various strategic, operational, and regulatory objectives and in overcoming certain challenges that arose in the business during the course of the year.

2025 Long-Term Compensation Incentive Compensation Mix

In February 2025, the Talent and Compensation Committee approved the 2025 long-term incentive award target values for each NEO. This value for each NEO was then converted into the number of performance units, stock options, and shares of restricted stock granted to each NEO based on an allocation of 60% performance units, 20% stock options, and 20% restricted stock.

(1) Due to fluctuations in stock price, grant date value may differ from the value on the date the long-term incentive award target dollar values are established for each NEO.

(2) The target value of Mr. Marsh’s long-term incentive award granted in February 2025 was increased from the grant he received in 2024 to better align his total compensation with market level compensation and recognize his and Entergy’s strong performance.

(3) The target value of Mr. Brown’s long-term incentive award granted in February 2025 was increased from the grant he received in 2024 to maintain his positioning with market.

All the performance units, shares of restricted stock and stock options granted to the NEOs in 2025 were granted pursuant to the 2019 OIP. The 2019 OIP requires a “double trigger,” meaning both a change in control of Entergy and an involuntary job loss without cause or a resignation by the NEO for good reason within 24 months following the change in control, for accelerated vesting of these awards upon a change in control.

Performance Units

The NEOs are issued performance unit awards under the PUP with payout opportunities established by the Talent and Compensation Committee at the beginning of each three-year performance period. The PUP specifies minimum, target, and maximum performance goals, the achievement of which determines the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant.

2025–2027 PUP Performance Measures and Goals

For the 2025–2027 PUP, the Talent and Compensation Committee chose to use the same two performance measures used in the 2024-2026 PUP to determine PUP payouts: Relative TSR and Environmental Stewardship.

Relative TSR

The Talent and Compensation Committee continued to use Relative TSR as a PUP performance measure because it reflects Entergy’s creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities included in the Philadelphia Utility Index over the performance period. By measuring performance in relation to an industry benchmark, this measure is intended to isolate, and reward management for, the creation of shareholder value that is not driven by events that affect the industry as a whole.

The Talent and Compensation Committee identified the Philadelphia Utility Index as the appropriate industry peer group for determining Relative TSR because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are viewed as comparable to Entergy in terms of business and scale.

Minimum, target, and maximum performance goals are determined by reference to the ranking of Entergy’s total shareholder return (“TSR”) in relation to the TSR of the companies in the Philadelphia Utility Index.

Environmental Stewardship

The Talent and Compensation Committee continued to use the Environmental Stewardship measure, which was first introduced into the PUP for the 2024–2026 performance period, because:

• It measures progress towards quantitative goals that align with desired customer and owner outcomes for clean energy, reliable operation, and reduced storm restoration costs.

• It aligns with interests of regulators to see positive outcomes from capital investments in managing both transition and physical risk.

The Environmental Stewardship measure consists of two components designed to capture the key dimensions of Entergy's current efforts to respond to climate change:

• A Climate Resilience component, sub-weighted at 60%, which is focused on reduction in storm restoration costs attributable to completed infrastructure improvement investments.

• A Carbon-Free Generation component, sub-weighted at 40%, which is focused on generation of electricity from carbon emission-free sources as compared to the Company's projection for the 2025–2027 performance period.

A Carbon Capture Modifier applies to the Carbon-Free Generation component in the range of -9% to +9% based on the Talent and Compensation Committee's assessment of achievement (or lack of achievement) of specific carbon capture and storage (“CCS”) objectives, subject to CCS continuing to be a viable, competitive option.

In December 2024, the Talent and Compensation Committee established the following goals for the 2025–2027 PUP performance measures:

(1) Payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, between minimum and target and between target and maximum, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level with respect to the applicable performance measure, and payouts capped at the maximum achievement level with respect to the applicable performance measure.

(2) There is no payout if the Relative TSR falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the Philadelphia Utility Index and if both Climate Resilience and Carbon-Free Generation are below the minimum achievement levels.

(3) The achievement levels established for the Climate Resilience sub-metric are based on annual restoration cost reduction impacts of projects scheduled to be completed with funding under the financial plan based on a model approved by the Talent and Compensation Committee in December 2024.

(4) The goals for the Carbon-Free Generation sub-metric are based on cumulative GWhs generated over the three year period. The result of the Carbon-Free Generation sub-metric is subject to a carbon capture modifier in the range of -9% to +9% of the Carbon-Free Generation component based on the Talent and Compensation Committee's assessment of progress toward specific CCS objectives, subject to CCS continuing to be a viable, competitive option.

2023–2025 PUP Performance Measures, Goals and Payouts

In December 2022, the Talent and Compensation Committee chose Relative TSR and Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio as the performance measures for the 2023–2025 PUP, with Relative TSR weighted 80% and Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio weighted 20%. In January 2023, the Talent and Compensation Committee established the following minimum, target and maximum performance goals for the 2023–2025 PUP performance measures:

(1) Payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation. There is no payout for performance below the minimum achievement level and payouts are capped at 200% for performance at or above the maximum achievement level.

(2) There is no payout if the Relative TSR falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the Philadelphia Utility Index and the FFO/Debt Ratio is below the minimum achievement level.

(3) The Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure, is the ratio of: (i) adjusted funds from operations calculated as consolidated operating cash flow adjusted for allowance for funds used during construction, working capital, excluding securitization regulatory charges, and the Pre-Determined Exclusions to (ii) total consolidated debt, excluding current and pending securitization debt, in each case calculated to reflect rating agency treatment of interest and principal on Entergy’s junior subordinated debentures. The Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio is evaluated on an annual basis against the target set for each year, which, for 2023, was 14.5%, and for both 2024 and 2025, was 15.0%. The annual results are then averaged to determine the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio overall result, which is then further adjusted by the modifier described above. The Talent and Compensation Committee decided to calculate the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio in a manner consistent with the rating agency treatment of such debt, as updated in early 2024, in order to ensure that management’s incentives remained aligned with the goal of optimizing Entergy's capital structure while maintaining its credit rating.

In January 2026, the Talent and Compensation Committee reviewed Entergy’s Relative TSR and Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio for the 2023–2025 performance period in order to determine the vesting level of the 2023–2025 PUP. The Talent and Compensation Committee compared Entergy’s TSR against the TSR of the companies that were included in the Philadelphia Utility Index as of the last day of the year preceding the beginning of the three-year performance period, which were (in addition to Entergy):

As recommended by the Finance Committee, the Talent and Compensation Committee concluded that Entergy Corporation’s Relative TSR for the 2023– 2025 PUP was in the 1st Quartile, resulting in an achievement level of 200% of target, and that the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio was 14.3% for 2023, 15.0% for 2024 and 17.2% for 2025, plus an upward adjustment of 10% due to the Company's improved credit outlook in 2024, resulting in an achievement level of 132% of target. These results yielded an overall payout of 186% of target for the NEOs.

(1) Includes accrued dividend equivalents.

(2) Value determined based on the closing price of Entergy Corporation common stock on January 15, 2026 ($95.67), the date the Talent and Compensation Committee certified the 2023–2025 PUP results.

(3) Represents the aggregate grant date fair value calculated in accordance with applicable accounting rules.

Stock Options and Restricted Stock

The Company grants stock options and shares of restricted stock as part of its long-term incentive award mix because it aligns the interests of the executive officers with long-term shareholder value, provides competitive compensation, and increases the executives’ ownership in Entergy’s common stock. Generally, stock options are granted annually on a pre-established schedule with a maximum term of ten years and vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. The exercise price for each option granted in February 2025 was $82.79, which was based on the closing price of Entergy’s common stock on the date of grant. Shares of restricted

stock vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, are paid dividends which are reinvested in shares of Entergy common stock, and have full voting rights. The dividend reinvestment shares are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying shares of restricted stock.

Pre-Determined Exclusions

The Pre-Determined Exclusions for the 2025 annual incentive program EAM and for the 2023–2025 PUP included effects of: (i) major storms, including the adjustment to total debt for pending securitizations; (ii) resolutions during the year of certain unresolved regulatory litigation matters; (iii) income tax law changes; and (iv) any adjustments to contributions to qualified and non-qualified pension investments or trusts related to post-retirement benefits that are elective and above or below plan assumptions. The Pre-Determined Exclusions are calculated using plan assumptions at the time the target is set.

The Talent and Compensation Committee also considered, both at the time it chose ETR Adjusted EPS and the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio as the 2025 EAM performance measures and at the time it chose the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio as a performance measure in the 2023–2025 PUP, as well as when it was establishing the targets for these measures, the appropriateness of excluding the effect of each of the specific Pre-Determined Exclusions it had identified. It viewed the exclusion of major storms as appropriate because although Entergy includes estimates for minor storm costs in its financial plan, it does not include estimates for a major storm event, such as a hurricane, given management’s inability to control or predict acts of nature. The Talent and Compensation Committee considered the exclusion of the effects of any unanticipated changes in income tax law to be appropriate because of the inability of management to impact those results. It approved the exclusion of elective adjustments to Entergy contributions to pension and post-retirement benefit plan trusts because such elective adjustments are not viewed as reflective of the underlying performance of the business. The Talent and Compensation Committee approved the exclusion for the impact of certain unresolved legacy regulatory litigation primarily because of management’s inability to influence the related outcomes.

Health, Welfare, Retirement and other Benefit Elements

The NEOs are eligible to participate in or receive the following benefits:

Entergy Corporation provides these benefits to the NEOs as part of its effort to provide a competitive executive compensation program and because it believes that these benefits are important retention and recruitment tools since many of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide similar arrangements to their senior executive officers. In addition, in the case of benefits such as the annual physical examination and the personal security assessment, Entergy provides such benefits because it believes they are in the interests of Entergy and its shareholders.

Severance and Retention Arrangements

System Executive Continuity Plan

The Talent and Compensation Committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation as they help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the NEOs, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. In addition, the Talent and Compensation Committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as many of the companies with which Entergy Corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for their senior employees.

To achieve these objectives, Entergy Corporation has established a System Executive Continuity Plan (“Continuity Plan”) under which each of our NEOs is entitled to receive “change in control” payments and benefits if such officer’s employment is involuntarily terminated without cause or if the officer resigns for good reason, in each case, in connection with a change in control of the Company. Entergy strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the Continuity Plan are consistent with market practices. Entergy’s executive officers, including the NEOs, are not entitled to any tax gross up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. For more information regarding our severance arrangements, see “2025 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control.”

Non-Qualified Pension Plan

Mr. Brown participates in both the SERP and the PEP but is entitled to receive a benefit from only one of the plans upon his retirement. In 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Brown and amended the PEP and the SERP. Pursuant to such agreement and amendments, if certain contingencies are met, Mr. Brown (or his surviving spouse) under the SERP when he separates from employment with the Company is fixed and will be determined as if such separation from employment occurred as of November 30, 2022, including the use of final average monthly compensation, service and actuarial assumptions applicable to separations as of such date (the “Qualifying Transition Benefit”). If Mr. Brown separates from service and the contingencies are not met, then Mr. Brown (or his surviving spouse) will receive the lesser of (i) the previously described benefit amount under the SERP or (ii) the benefit that would have been payable to Mr. Brown under the SERP or the PEP, without regard to the above-described amendments to the SERP and PEP.

On November 6, 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Brown will retire from Entergy in the spring of 2026. In connection with Mr. Brown’s anticipated retirement, the Company granted Mr. Brown permission to retire under the SERP in the spring of 2026 prior to attaining age 65, and upon such retirement Mr. Brown will become entitled to the Qualifying Transition Benefit. However, Mr. Brown’s SERP benefit remains subject to forfeiture in the event of a termination for “Cause” and also remains subject to the forfeiture provisions of Sections 6.01(c) and 6.01(d) of the SERP (relating to certain noncompete and confidentiality obligations).

Risk Mitigation and Other Pay Practices

Policy for Recoupment of Compensation (Clawback Provisions)

Under the amended and restated policy regarding the recoupment of certain compensation adopted by each of Entergy, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas (the “Clawback Policy”), which exceeds the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer

Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), Entergy will seek reimbursement of certain compensation from current or former executive officers subject to Section 16, including all of the NEOs, where:

• Entergy is required to restate its financial statements due to noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under securities laws; or

• there is a material miscalculation of a performance measure related to incentive compensation, regardless of whether Entergy’s financial statements are restated.

In addition, Entergy may seek reimbursement of certain compensation from current or former executive officers subject to Section 16, including all of the NEOs, if the Board determines that such executive officer engaged in fraud that resulted in either a restatement of Entergy’s financial statements or a material miscalculation of a performance measure relative to incentive compensation.

The Clawback Policy applies to incentive compensation, including cash or equity-based bonus or incentive or profit-sharing awards paid in respect of the three-year period prior to the year in which Entergy is required to prepare such restatement or in respect of the three-year period preceding the material miscalculation. The amount required to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment actually paid over the gross payment that would have been paid if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. Entergy may enforce all or part of any executive officer’s repayment obligation under the policy by reducing any amounts that may be owed from time-to-time by Entergy or any of its subsidiaries to such individual, whether as wages, severance or vacation pay or in the form of any other benefit or for any other reason. In addition, Entergy will seek to recover any compensation received by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer that is required to be reimbursed under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 following a material restatement of our financial statements.

In addition to the above-described Clawback Policy, the Entergy Board adopted an additional discretionary recoupment policy applicable to all officers of Entergy System companies, including the NEOs, that allows recoupment of incentive compensation from an officer who engages in certain detrimental conduct, including (i) commission of a felony or other crime that affects the officer’s ability to perform their duties, (ii) fraud in contravention of the officer’s duties to the enterprise, (iii) unauthorized disclosure of confidential or proprietary information of an Entergy System company or material violation of a material written Entergy System company policy or material agreement between the officer and an Entergy System company in either case that results in, or could have resulted in, termination for Cause as defined in the 2019 OIP or that results in significant financial or operational loss, or significant reputational harm to Entergy; and (iv) other conduct that the officer knew or should have known could result in termination for Cause as defined in the 2019 OIP (regardless whether it does) and that results in significant financial or operational loss or significant reputational harm to Entergy. The discretionary recoupment policy for detrimental conduct applies to all incentive compensation, including time-based awards, and allows for the claw back of compensation received after the detrimental conduct and within the three-year period preceding the detrimental conduct, provided the recoupment efforts are commenced within five years after the detrimental conduct and before a change in control. The additional discretionary recoupment policy applies to detrimental conduct committed on or after January 26, 2024, the effective date of the policy.

Stock Ownership Guidelines and Share Retention Requirements

Entergy Corporation requires its NEOs to own Entergy stock to further align their interests with Entergy’s shareholders’ interests. Stock ownership levels are achieved through ownership of any Entergy shares held by the officer, including shares held in the 401(k) plan, restricted stock, dividends earned on restricted shares during the period of restriction, and restricted stock units. Performance units held under the PUP and stock options, whether vested or unvested, do not count toward achievement of stock ownership levels. Annually, the Talent and Compensation Committee monitors the executive officers’ compliance with these guidelines with all of the NEOs being in compliance with the applicable ownership guidelines at the time of the most recent annual review. The ownership guidelines are as follows:

To facilitate compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:

• all net after-tax shares paid out under the PUP;

• all net after-tax shares of our restricted stock and all net after-tax shares received upon the vesting of restricted stock units; and

• at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of Entergy Corporation stock options.

Trading Controls

Entergy and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries have adopted an insider trading policy which is reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules and regulations and which governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of Entergy’s securities, by any directors, officers and employees the Company and its subsidiaries, and by Entergy and the subsidiaries themselves as well as the applicable rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. A copy of the insider trading policy adopted by Entergy and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries is filed as Exhibit 19 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Executive officers, including the NEOs, are subject to Entergy’s insider trading policy and thus are required to receive permission from Entergy’s General Counsel or his designee prior to entering into any transaction involving Entergy securities, including gifts, other than an exercise of employee stock options that is not funded through a sale in the market. Employees who are subject to trading restrictions, including the NEOs, are generally only permitted to trade during specified open trading windows beginning shortly after the release of earnings. Employees, including the NEOs, may enter into trading plans under Rule 10b5-1 of the Exchange Act, but these trading plans or any amendment to or termination of an existing plan may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved in advance by Entergy’s General Counsel or his designee.

No Pledging/Hedging

Entergy Corporation also prohibits directors and executive officers, including the NEOs, from pledging any Entergy Corporation securities or entering into margin accounts involving Entergy Corporation securities. Entergy Corporation prohibits these transactions because of the potential that sales of Entergy Corporation securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the General Counsel. In addition, Entergy Corporation prohibits directors and executive officers, including the NEOs, from engaging in any hedging transactions with respect to Entergy securities.

Compensation Consultant Independence

Annually, the Talent and Compensation Committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant to determine whether any conflicts of interest exist that would prevent the consultant from independently advising the Talent and Compensation Committee. When assessing the independence of Pay Governance, its current compensation consultant, in 2025, the committee considered the following factors, among others:

• Pay Governance has policies in place to prevent conflicts of interest;

• No member of Pay Governance’s consulting team serving the committee has a business relationship with any member of the committee or any of Entergy Corporation’s executive officers;

• Neither Pay Governance nor any of its principals own any shares of Entergy Corporation’s common stock; and

• The amount of fees paid to Pay Governance is less than 1% of Pay Governance’s total consulting income.

Based on these factors, the Talent and Compensation Committee concluded that Pay Governance is independent in accordance with SEC and NYSE rules and that no conflicts of interest exist that would prevent Pay Governance from independently advising either the Talent and Compensation Committee or the Corporate Governance Committee.

In addition, Pay Governance has agreed that it will not accept any engagement with management without prior approval from the Talent and Compensation Committee, and Entergy Corporation’s Board has adopted a policy that prohibits a compensation consultant from providing other services to it if the aggregate amount for those services would exceed $120,000 in any year. During 2025, Pay Governance did not provide any services to Entergy Corporation other than the services it performed on behalf of the Talent and Compensation and Corporate Governance Committees, and it worked with Entergy Corporation’s management only as directed by those committees.

TALENT AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The Talent and Compensation Committee Report included in the 2026 Entergy Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be “filed” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. None of the Registrant Subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. The board of directors of each of the Registrant Subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of Entergy Corporation or one of the Registrant Subsidiaries. These boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the Registrant Subsidiaries.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES

2025 Summary Compensation Table

The following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the NEOs for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, and to the extent required by SEC executive compensation disclosure rules, the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. For information on the principal positions held by each of the NEOs, see Item 10, “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance of the Registrants.”

The compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all Entergy System companies. For additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following table, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis.”

(1) No compensation information is provided for Ms. Cook-Nelson for 2024 and 2023, as she was not an NEO of Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans or Entergy Texas for the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.

(2) The amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the NEOs in the applicable year. The 2025 merit increases in base salaries noted in the CD&A were effective in April 2025. The subsequent base salary increase noted in the CD&A for Ms. Cook-Nelson was effective in May 2025, and the subsequent base salary increases for each of Messrs. May and Viamontes and Ms. Landreaux were effective August 2025.

(3) The cash bonus paid to Mr. Brown was to recognize his work serving as Chair of the Super Bowl LIX Host Committee on behalf of Entergy Corporation, the founding sponsor of the Host Committee.

(4) The amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock and performance units granted under the 2019 OIP, each calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock, restricted stock units, and the portion of the performance units with vesting based on the Adjusted FFO/Debt Ratio (within the 2023–2025 PUP) and the Environmental Stewardship measure (used within the 2024–2026 PUP and 2025–2027 PUP) is determined using the closing price of Entergy common stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of the portion of the performance units attributable to Relative TSR was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. The simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility assumption. The risk-free interest rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date. Volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date. The performance units in the table are also valued based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance condition at the time of grant. The maximum value of shares that would be received if the highest achievement level is attained with respect to both the Relative TSR and Environmental Stewardship measures, for performance units granted in 2025 are as follows: Mr. Brown, $1,531,946; Ms. Cook-Nelson, $1,277,284; Mr. Fisackerly, $449,550; Ms. Fontan, $1,774,024; Ms. Landreaux, $430,508; Mr. Marsh, $7,994,534; Mr. May, $554,527; Ms. Rodriguez, $303,839; and Mr. Viamontes, $377,522.

(5) The amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the 2019 OIP calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see Note 12 to the financial statements.

(6) The amounts in column (g) represent annual incentive award cash payments made pursuant to the annual incentive program established under the 2019 OIP.

(7) The amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial change in the present value of these NEOs’ benefits under all pension plans established by Entergy Corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in Entergy Corporation’s financial statements. None of the increases for any of the NEOs are attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation and includes any amounts which the NEOs may not currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested. See “2025 Pension Benefits” for additional information.

(8) The amounts in column (i) for 2025 include (a) matching contributions by Entergy Corporation under the Savings Plan to each of the NEOs; (b) dividends and dividend equivalents paid on restricted stock and performance units when vested; (c) life insurance premiums; (d) tax reimbursements on club dues; and (e) perquisites and other compensation as described further below. The 2025 amounts are listed in the following table:

(9) The Total Without Change in Pension Value represents total compensation, as determined under applicable SEC rules, minus the change in pension value reported in the Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings column for the applicable year. The amounts reported in the Total Without Change in Pension Value column may differ substantially from the amounts reported in the Total column required under SEC rules and are not a substitute for total compensation. The change in pension value is subject to many external variables, such as interest rates, assumptions about life expectancy, and changes in the discount rate determined at each year end, which are functions of economic factors and actuarial calculations that are not related to Entergy’s performance and are outside of the control of the Talent and Compensation Committee.

Perquisites and Other Compensation

The amounts set forth in column (i) also include perquisites and other personal benefits that Entergy provides to its NEOs as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and for employee retention. The following perquisites were provided to the NEOs in 2025.

Entergy requires its executive officers who are members of the OCE, including all of the NEOs, to have a comprehensive annual physical exam at Entergy’s expense, and executive officers may have the occasional personal use of tickets to athletic and cultural events when such tickets are not being used for business purposes, for which there is no incremental cost to the Company.

Personal security assessments were performed on the homes of the Company's senior executive team, including all of the NEOs, as part of a broader initiative to enhance Entergy’s executive protection program. These assessments were designed to identify vulnerabilities, recommend improvements, and establish a consistent security standard for our executives’ homes. The cost of these assessments was $25,000 for each of the NEOs. The amount reflected as the incremental cost to the Company is based on the amount reimbursed directly to the third-party service provider.

Entergy also provides relocation benefits to a broad base of employees, which include assisting with moving expenses, transportation of household goods and in certain circumstances, assistance with the sale of the employee's existing home. In connection with her promotion to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and in accordance with Entergy's relocation policies, Entergy paid $94,491 in relocation expenses for Ms. Cook-Nelson in 2025. The relocation assistance amount reported above represents the amount paid to Entergy’s relocation service provider or Ms. Cook-Nelson, as applicable. If Ms. Cook-Nelson separates from the Company prior to the two-year anniversary of her promotion, certain of Ms. Cook-Nelson's relocation benefits are subject to repayment.

None of the other perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the NEOs.

2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards

The following table summarizes award grants during 2025 to the NEOs.

(1) The amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the annual incentive program. The actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table.

(2) The amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the 2025–2027 PUP. Performance units granted under the 2025–2027 PUP pursuant to the 2019 OIP will vest on December 31, 2027 based on two performance measures—Relative TSR, weighted 80%, and Environmental Stewardship, weighted 20%, as described under “What Entergy Pays and Why – Long-Term Incentive Compensation – 2025 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Mix – Performance Units” in the CD&A. Subject to the achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of Entergy’s common stock on the last day of the performance period for the 2025-2027 PUP cycle (December 31, 2027). Accrued dividends on the shares earned will also be paid in Entergy common stock.

(3) The amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 OIP. Shares of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.

(4) The amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of Entergy Corporation’s common stock granted under the 2019 OIP. The options vest one-third on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant.

(5) The amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions. See footnotes 4 and 5 to the 2025 Summary Compensation Table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.

2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The following table summarizes, for each NEO, their outstanding unexercised options, outstanding restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of December 31, 2025.

(1) Consists of options granted under the 2019 OIP; 1/3 of the options vested on February 6, 2026 and 1/2 of the remaining options will vest on each of February 6, 2027 and February 6, 2028.

(2) Consists of options granted under the 2019 OIP; 1/2 of the options vested on January 25, 2026 and the remaining options will vest on January 25, 2027.

(3) Consists of options granted under the 2019 OIP that vested on January 26, 2026.

(4) Consists of 2025–2027 PUP performance units granted under the 2019 OIP that will vest on December 31, 2027 based on two performance measures - Entergy Corporation’s Relative TSR performance and Environmental Stewardship with Relative TSR weighted eighty percent and Environmental Stewardship weighted twenty percent, as described under “What Entergy Corporation Pays and Why - Long-Term Incentive Compensation - 2025 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Mix - Performance Units” in the CD&A.

(5) Consists of 2024–2026 PUP performance units granted under the 2019 OIP that will vest on December 31, 2026 based on two performance measures - Relative TSR, weighted 80%, and Environmental Stewardship, weighted 20%.

(6) Consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 OIP; 1/3 of the shares of restricted stock vested on February 6, 2026, 1/3 will vest on February 6, 2027, and 1/3 will vest on February 6, 2028.

(7) Consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 OIP; 1/2 of the shares of restricted stock vested on January 25, 2026 and the remaining shares will vest on January 25, 2027.

(8) Consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2019 OIP that vested on January 26, 2026.

(9) Consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2019 OIP which will vest in two installments of 40% of the units and 60% of the units on February 1, 2027 and August 1, 2029, respectively.

2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested

The following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during 2025 for the NEOs.

(1) Represents the value of performance units which vested under the 2023–2025 PUP (payable solely in shares based on the closing stock price of Entergy on the date of vesting) under the PUP and the vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units, if applicable, in 2025.

2025 Pension Benefits

The following table shows the present value as of December 31, 2025, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the NEOs, including the number of years of service credited to each NEO, under the retirement plans sponsored by Entergy Corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in Note 11 to the financial statements. The amount of the SERP benefit provided in this table is the present value of the SERP benefit due at age 65 discounted using the interest rates that we used for financial reporting for the non-qualified pension liability at December 31, 2025, with the exception of Mr. Brown as discussed in the footnotes accompanying the table. Additional information regarding these retirement plans follows this table.

(1) As of December 31, 2025, Messrs. Brown, Fisackerly, and May, and Ms. Rodriguez were retirement eligible under the Entergy Retirement Plan.

(2) In 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Brown and amended the PEP and the SERP, and pursuant to such agreement and amendments, the benefit payable to Mr. Brown (or to his surviving spouse) will be entitled to the Qualifying Transition Benefit under the SERP when he separates from employment with the Company if certain contingencies are met. See “Severance and Retention Arrangements – Non-qualified Pension Plan” for additional information on the Qualifying Transition Benefit. If Mr. Brown separates from service and the contingencies are not met, then Mr. Brown (or his surviving spouse) will receive the lesser of (i) the previously described benefit amount under the SERP or (ii) the benefit that would have been payable to Mr. Brown under the SERP or the PEP, without regard to the above-described amendments to the SERP and PEP.

On November 6, 2025, the Company announced that Mr. Brown will retire from Entergy in the spring of 2026. In connection with Mr. Brown’s anticipated retirement, the Company granted Mr. Brown permission to retire under the SERP in the spring of 2026 prior to attaining age 65, and upon such retirement Mr. Brown will become entitled to the Qualifying Transition Benefit. However, Mr. Brown’s SERP benefit remains subject to forfeiture in the event of a termination for “Cause” and also remains subject to the forfeiture provisions of Sections 6.01(c) and 6.01(d) of the SERP (relating to certain noncompete and confidentiality obligations).

(3) Service under the SERP is granted from the date of hire. Service under the qualified Entergy Retirement Plan is granted from the later of the date of hire or the plan participation date. The SERP amount reflected in the table for Mr. May is calculated based on 30 years of service pursuant to the terms of the SERP.

The tables below contain summaries of the pension benefit plans sponsored by Entergy that the NEOs participated in during 2025. Benefits for the NEOs who participate in these plans are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees.

Qualified Retirement Benefits

All of our NEOs, except for Mr. Viamontes, participate in the Entergy Retirement Plan, a tax-qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan sponsored by Entergy. Mr. Viamontes participates in the Cash Balance Plan, which is a tax-qualified cash balance defined benefit pension plan Entergy sponsors for employees hired after June 30, 2014 and before January 1, 2021. Summaries of these plans are provided below. Benefits for the NEOs are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees:

(1) Effective January 1, 2022, the Entergy Corporation Cash Balance Plan for Non-Bargaining Employees merged into and became Appendix J of the Entergy Corporation Retirement Plan for Non-Bargaining Employees, but retained its eligibility, benefit formula, and all benefits, rights, and features.

(2) As of December 31, 2025, Messrs. Brown, Fisackerly, and May and Ms. Rodriguez were eligible for early retirement under the Entergy Retirement Plan.

Non-qualified Retirement Benefits

The NEOs are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income in addition to the benefit provided under the qualified retirement plans, including the PEP, the Cash Balance Equalization Plan (“CBEP”), and the SERP. Upon separation from the Company, those NEOs who participate in both the PEP and the SERP will be paid only the greater of the benefit under the PEP or the SERP. Each of the SERP, PEP, and CBEP is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key

management employees. In general, upon disability, participants in the PEP and the SERP remain eligible for continued service credits until the earliest of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility. Generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant’s accrued benefit under these plans.

(1) The SERP was closed to new executive officers effective July 1, 2014. Effective July 1, 2014, no new grants of supplemental service may be provided to participants in the PEP. Participants in Entergy Corporation’s Cash Balance Plan are not eligible to participate in the PEP and instead may be eligible to participate in the CBEP.

(2) Benefits accrued under the SERP, PEP, and CBEP, if any, will become fully vested if a participant is involuntarily terminated without cause or terminates his or her employment for good reason in connection with a change in control with payment generally made in a lump-sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the first day of the month after the termination of employment, unless delayed six months under Code Section 409A.

(3) On November 6, 2025 the Company announced that Mr. Brown will retire from Entergy in the spring of 2026. In connection with Mr. Brown’s anticipated retirement, the Company granted Mr. Brown permission to retire under the SERP in the spring of 2026 prior to attaining age 65, and upon such retirement Mr. Brown will become entitled to the Qualifying Transition Benefit described above in "Severance and Retention Arrangements – Non-qualified Pension Plan." However, Mr. Brown’s SERP benefit remains subject to forfeiture in the event of a termination for "Cause" and also remains subject to the forfeiture provisions of Sections 6.01(c) and 6.01(d) of the SERP (relating to certain noncompete and confidentiality obligations).

2025 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation

As of December 31, 2025, Mr. May had a deferred account balance under a frozen Defined Contribution Restoration Plan. The amount is deemed invested, as chosen by Mr. May, in certain T. Rowe Price investment funds that are also available to participants under the Savings Plan. Mr. May has elected to receive the deferred account balance after he retires. The Defined Contribution Restoration Plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees’ deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the Code.

(1) Amounts in this column are not included in the Summary Compensation Table.

2025 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control

Entergy has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to an NEO if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of Entergy.

Change in Control

Entergy does not have any plans or agreements that provide for payments or benefits to any of our NEOs solely upon a Change in Control (as defined below). Under the Continuity Plan, executive officers, including each of the NEOs are eligible to receive the cash severance payment and welfare plan benefits described below if their employment is terminated by their Entergy System employer other than for Cause (as defined below) or if they terminate their employment for Good Reason during a period beginning with a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a Change in Control (a “Qualifying Termination”). A participant will not be eligible for benefits under the Continuity Plan if such participant: accepts employment with Entergy or any of its subsidiaries; elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program; removes, copies, or fails to return any property belonging to Entergy Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates the non-compete provision of the Continuity Plan (which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law). The Continuity Plan does not include any provisions for the waiver of a breach of any of these restrictive covenants.

In addition, under the 2019 OIP or an applicable equity award agreement issued under the 2019 OIP, upon a Qualifying Termination, our executive officers, including the NEOs, are eligible for the payments and benefits described in the table below under “Performance Units” and “Equity Awards.” Further, in the event of a Qualifying Termination, our executive officers, including the NEOs, are eligible for the benefits described in the table below for “Retirement Benefits” under the terms of the SERP, PEP, and/or CBEP, as applicable.

In the event of a Qualifying Termination, the executive officers, including the NEOs would receive lump sum severance payments and welfare benefits described below. In the event of a Qualifying Termination, all of the NEOs would receive the treatment described below for their retirement benefits and their outstanding performance units and equity awards:

(1) Cash severance payments are capped at 2.99 times the sum of (a) an executive’s annual base salary in effect at any time within one year before commencement of the Change in Control period, or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting Good Reason under the Continuity Plan in effect at any time within one year before commencement of the change in control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting Good Reason under the Continuity Plan, plus (b) the higher of the executive’s actual annual incentive payment under the annual incentive program for the year immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs or the average of the executive’s target annual incentive award for the two calendar years preceding the year in which termination occurs. Any cash severance payments to be paid under the Continuity Plan in excess of this cap will be forfeited by the participant.

To protect shareholders and Entergy Corporation’s business model, executives are required to comply with non-compete provisions (which generally run for two years but extend to three years if permissible under applicable law) and confidentiality provisions. Subject to applicable law and the terms of the Continuity Plan, if an executive discloses non-public data or information concerning Entergy Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the Continuity Plan.

For purposes of the Continuity Plan, the following events are generally defined as:

• Change in Control : (a) the purchase of 30% or more of either Entergy Corporation’s common stock or the combined voting power of Entergy Corporation’s voting securities; (b) the merger or consolidation of Entergy Corporation (unless its Board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity); (c) the liquidation, dissolution, or sale of all or substantially all of Entergy Corporation’s assets; or (d) a change in the composition of Entergy Corporation’s Board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of Entergy Corporation’s Board at the end of the period.

• Potential Change in Control : (a) Entergy Corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement, the consummation of which would constitute a Change in Control; (b) the Entergy Corporation Board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the Continuity Plan, a potential Change in Control has occurred; (c) a System Company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a Change in Control; or (d) any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner (directly or indirectly) of Entergy Corporation’s outstanding shares of common stock constituting 20% or more of the voting power or value of the Entergy Corporation’s outstanding common stock.

• Cause : The participant’s (a) willful and continuous failure to perform substantially his or her duties after written demand for performance; (b) engagement in conduct that is materially injurious to Entergy Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; (c) conviction or entry of a plea of guilty or no contest to a felony or other crime that materially and adversely affects the participant’s ability to perform his or her duties or Entergy Corporation’s reputation; (d) material violation of any agreement with Entergy Corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or (e) unauthorized disclosure of any of Entergy Corporation’s confidential information.

• Good Reason : The participant’s (a) nature or status of duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced; (b) salary is reduced by 5% or more; (c) primary work location is relocated outside the continental United States; (d) compensation plans are discontinued without an equitable replacement; (e) benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or (f) employment is terminated by an Entergy employer for reasons other than in accordance with the Continuity Plan.

Other Termination Events

For termination events, other than in connection with a Change in Control, the executive officers, including the NEOs, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:

(1) If an officer resigns after the completion of an annual incentive program performance period, but before the payment date of the annual incentive payment, he or she may receive, at Entergy’s discretion, an annual incentive payment.

(2) This column refers solely to restricted stock awards. Certain officers are occasionally granted restricted stock units for retention purposes, to offset forfeited compensation from a previous employer or for other limited purposes. The treatment of restricted stock units depends on the terms of the individual restricted stock unit agreement, which terms can vary. The standard off-cycle restricted stock unit agreement approved by the Talent and Compensation Committee provides that the units are forfeited if employment is terminated for any reason before the vesting date, except in the case of a termination other than for cause or voluntary termination for Good Reason during a Change in Control period. However, individual restricted stock unit agreements may provide for accelerated vesting in certain events, such as death or disability. Ms. Cook-Nelson has outstanding restricted stock units, the treatment of which upon various events of termination is disclosed in connection with the table below.

(3) If an officer resigns after the completion of a PUP performance period, he or she will receive a payout under the PUP based on actual performance during the performance period.

Aggregate Termination Payments

The tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the NEOs would have received if his or her employment had been terminated as of December 31, 2025 under the various scenarios described above. For purposes of these tables, a stock price of $92.43 was used, which was the closing market price of Entergy Corporation stock on December 31, 2025, the last trading day of the year.

(1) As of December 31, 2025, Mr. Brown, Mr. Fisackerly, Mr. May and Ms. Rodriguez were retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, each also would be entitled to receive their vested pension benefits under the Entergy Retirement Plan and their benefit under the PEP or the SERP, to the extent applicable, the latter of which requires the prior written consent of the officer’s Entergy employer to separate prior to age 65. Mr. Brown participates in the SERP and the PEP, but is entitled to receive a benefit only from the SERP or the PEP, but not both, depending on whether his retirement is a qualifying transition termination under the SERP. In connection with Mr. Brown’s anticipated retirement, the Company granted Mr. Brown permission to retire under the SERP in the spring of 2026 prior to attaining age 65, and upon such retirement Mr. Brown will become entitled to the Qualifying Transition Benefit described above in “Severance and Retention Arrangements – Non-qualified Pension Plan.” However, Mr. Brown’s SERP benefit remains subject to forfeiture in the event of a termination for “Cause” and also remains subject to the forfeiture provisions of Sections 6.01(c) and 6.01(d) of the SERP (relating to certain noncompete and confidentiality obligations). As previously discussed, Ms. Rodriguez does not participate in the SERP. For a description of these benefits, see “2025 Pension Benefits.” In addition, Mr. Brown would be entitled to continue to vest in any outstanding unvested stock options following retirement in accordance with the original vesting schedule thereof, which options would expire five years after retirement date. Mr. Brown would not be eligible to receive the Change in Control and other severance benefits due to his planned retirement in the spring of 2026.

(2) See “2025 Pension Benefits” for a description of the pension benefits Ms. Cook-Nelson, Ms. Fontan, Ms. Landreaux, Mr. Marsh, and Mr. Viamontes may receive upon the occurrence of certain termination events since they are not yet retirement eligible.

(3) For purposes of the table, in the event of a qualifying termination related to a Change in Control, each NEO would receive a number of performance units for the 2024–2026 PUP performance period and a number of performance units for the 2025–2027 PUP performance period, calculated as follows:

The greater of (1) the target number of performance units subject to the performance unit agreements or (2) the number of performance units that would vest under the performance unit agreements calculated based on Entergy Corporation’s actual performance through the NEO’s termination date, in either case pro-rated based on the portion of the performance period that occurs through the termination date.

For purposes of the table, the values of the performance unit awards for the open PUP performance periods for each NEO were calculated as follows, based on the assumption that the target number of performance units was the greater number:

Mr. Brown:

2024–2026 PUP Performance Period: 9,899 (24/36x14,848) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $ 92.43 = $ 914,965

2025–2027 PUP Performance Period: 3,084 (12/36x9,252) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $9 2.43 = $285,054

Total: $1,200,019

Ms. Cook-Nelson:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 9,115 (24/36x13,672) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $842,499

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 2,572 (12/36x7,714) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $237,730

Total : $1,080,229

Mr. Fisackerly:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 3,154 (24/36x4,730) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $291,524

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 905 (12/36x2,715) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $83,649

Total : $375,173

Ms. Fontan:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 12,338 (24/36x18,506) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $1,140,401

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 3,572 (12/36x10,714) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $330,160

Total: $ 1,470,561

Ms. Landreaux:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 4,040 (24/36x6,060) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $373,417

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 867 (12/36x2,600) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $80,137

Total: $ 453,554

Mr. Marsh:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period:47,668 (24/36x71,502) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $4,405,953

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 16,094 (12/36x48,282) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $1,487,568

Total: $ 5,893,521

Mr. May:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 3,807 (24/36x5,710) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $351,881

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 1,117 (12/36x3,349) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $103,244

Total: $ 455,125

Ms. Rodriguez:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 2,022 (24/36x3,032) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $186,893

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 612 (12/36x1,835) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $56,567

Total: $ 243,460

Mr. Viamontes:

2024 – 2026 PUP Performance Period: 2,536 (24/36x3,804) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $234,402

2025 – 2027 PUP Performance Period: 760 (12/36x2,280) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $92.43 = $70,247

Total: $ 304,649

In the event of retirement, in the case of Mr. Brown, Mr. Fisackerly, Mr. May or Ms. Rodriguez each would receive a pro-rated portion of the applicable achievement level of PUP performance units for each open PUP performance period, based on his or her full months of participation in such PUP performance period, provided he or she has completed a minimum of 12 months of full-time employment in the applicable PUP performance period. For purposes of calculating for the above table the number of performance units Mr. Brown, Mr. Fisackerly, Mr. May and Ms. Rodriguez would receive in the event of retirement, it is assumed the achievement levels for the 2024–2026 PUP Performance Period and the 2025–2027 PUP performance period are at target. The resulting number of performance units and values are the same as calculated above for a qualifying termination related to a change in control.

In the event of death or disability of any NEO, the NEO or his or her estate would receive a pro-rated portion of the applicable achievement level of PUP performance units for each open PUP performance period, based on his or her full months of participation in such PUP performance period, with no required minimum amount of full-time employment in the applicable PUP performance period.

(4) As discussed previously, upon retirement, unvested stock options would continue to vest for each of Mr. Brown, Mr. Fisackerly, Mr. May and Ms. Rodriguez in accordance with the original vesting schedule and expire on the earlier of (i) five years from the retirement date and (ii) the option’s normal expiration date. See “2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End” for information regarding each of these NEOs’ unvested stock options as of December 31, 2025. Assuming a stock price as of December 31, 2025 on the vesting dates of each of these NEOs’ unvested stock options, the in-the-money value of their stock options in the event of retirement (including stock options that remain unvested) would be the same as is set forth in the table above within the Death, Disability and Termination Related to a Change in Control columns.

(5) Upon retirement, Mr. Brown, Mr. Fisackerly, Mr. May and Ms. Rodriguez would be eligible for post-retirement medical and life insurance benefits, the same as all other eligible retirees.

(6) Pursuant to the Executive Continuity Plan, in the event of a termination related to a Change in Control, Ms. Cook-Nelson, Ms. Fontan, Ms. Landreaux, Mr. Marsh and Mr. Viamontes would be eligible to receive Entergy-subsidized COBRA benefits for 18 months.

(7) Ms. Cook-Nelson’s 18,640 restricted stock units are scheduled to vest as to 7,456 units on February 1, 2027 and 11,184 on August 1, 2029. Pursuant to her restricted stock unit agreement, Ms. Cook-Nelson is subject to certain restrictions on her ability to compete with Entergy and its affiliates during and for 12 months after her employment with Entergy, or to solicit its employees or customers during and for 12 months after her employment with Entergy. In addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits Ms. Cook-Nelson’s ability to disparage Entergy and its affiliates. In the event of a breach of any of these restrictions, Ms. Cook-Nelson must repay to Entergy any shares of Entergy stock paid to her in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts she received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares. In the event of a Change in Control, the unvested restricted stock units will fully vest upon Ms. Cook-Nelson’s Qualifying Termination during the Change in Control period and she will no longer be subject to the above-described noncompete, nonsolicitation, and nondisparagement provisions.

Pay Ratio

As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Act, the following disclosure is being provided about the relationship of the annual total compensation of the employees of each of the Utility operating companies to the annual total compensation of their respective Presidents and Chief Executive Officers. The pay ratio estimate for each of the Utility operating companies has been calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K.

Identification of Median Employee

For each of the Utility operating companies, October 17, 2025 was selected as the date on which to determine the median employee. This date is different from the date used in the prior year; however, the methodology used to determine the date is consistent with that used in the prior year. This date corresponds to the first day of the three month period prior to fiscal year-end for which information can be obtained about employees and all subsidiaries have the same number of pay cycles. To identify the median employee from each of the Utility operating companies’ employee population base, all compensation included in Box 5 of Form W-2 was considered with all before-tax deductions added back to this compensation (“Box 5 Compensation”). For purposes of determining the median employee of each Utility operating company, Box 5 Compensation was selected as it is believed to be representative of the compensation received by the employees of each respective Utility operating company and is readily available. The calculation of annual total compensation of the median employee for each Utility operating company is the same calculation used to determine total compensation for purposes of the 2024 Summary Compensation Table with respect to each of the NEOs.

Entergy Arkansas Ratio

For 2025,

• The median of the annual total compensation of all of Entergy Arkansas’s employees, other than Ms. Landreaux, was $159,924.

• Ms. Landreaux’s annual total compensation, as reported in the Total column of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, was $1,602,634.

• Based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Ms. Landreaux to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 10:1.

Entergy Louisiana Ratio

For 2025,

• The median of the annual total compensation of all of Entergy Louisiana’s employees, other than Mr. May, was $169,146.

• Mr. May’s annual total compensation, as reported in the Total column of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, was $2,365,337.

• Based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Mr. May to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 14:1.

Entergy Mississippi Ratio

For 2025,

• The median of the annual total compensation of all of Entergy Mississippi’s employees, other than Mr. Fisackerly, was $161,269.

• Mr. Fisackerly’s annual total compensation, as reported in the Total column of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, was $2,199,295.

• Based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Mr. Fisackerly to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 14:1.

Entergy New Orleans Ratio

For 2025,

• The median of the annual total compensation of all of Entergy New Orleans’s employees, other than Ms. Rodriguez, was $180,558.

• Ms. Rodriguez’s annual total compensation, as reported in the Total column of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, was $1,501,185.

• Based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Ms. Rodriguez to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 8:1.

Entergy Texas Ratio

For 2025,

• The median of the annual total compensation of all of Entergy Texas’s employees, other than Mr. Viamontes, was $157,240.

• Mr. Viamontes’ annual total compensation, as reported in the Total column of the 2025 Summary Compensation Table, was $1,393,443.

• Based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of Mr. Viamontes to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 9:1.

Policies and Practices Related to the Timing of Grants of Certain Equity Awards

The Talent and Compensation Committee and senior management monitor the Company’s equity grant practices to evaluate whether such policies comply with governing regulations and are consistent with good corporate practices. When making regular annual equity grants, including stock options, the Talent and Compensation Committee’s practice is to approve them at a regularly scheduled meeting in late January or in the first week of February of each year, which is near the beginning of the Company’s fiscal year, as part of its annual compensation review. In addition, the Talent and Compensation Committee may make grants at other times during the year for new hires or for other reasons, including, for example, job promotions or for retention purposes. Because the Talent and Compensation Committee’s regular meeting schedule is generally determined in the prior fiscal year and, as noted above, the Company generally makes annual equity awards to our NEOs at approximately the same time each year, the proximity of any awards to other significant corporate events is coincidental. The Company does not time its equity awards to take advantage of the release of earnings or other major announcements by the Company or market conditions.

During 2025, no stock option grants were made to any of our NEOs during any period beginning four business days before the filing or furnishing of a periodic report or current report and ending one business day after the filing or furnishing of any such report with the SEC.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

Entergy Corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of Entergy Texas and indirectly 100% of the outstanding common membership interests of Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans. The information with respect to (i) the beneficial ownership of Entergy Corporation’s directors and NEOs is included under the heading “Entergy Share Ownership - Directors and Executive Officers;” and (ii) persons known by Entergy Corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of Entergy Corporation’s outstanding common stock is included under the heading “Entergy Share Ownership - Beneficial Owners of More Than Five Percent of Entergy Common Stock” in the 2026 Entergy Proxy Statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. The registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants.

The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of Entergy Corporation and stock-based units as of January 31, 2026 for the directors and NEOs of Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas. Unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of Entergy Corporation set forth across from his or her name.

(1) The number of shares of Entergy Corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all non-employee directors and executive officers as a group does not exceed 1% of the outstanding shares of Entergy Corporation common stock. This column also includes shares of Entergy Corporation common stock held in the Entergy Savings Plan (401(k)) by Messrs. Brown, Fisackerly, Marsh, May, and Viamontes and Mses. Fontan and Rodriguez. For Mr. Viamontes, this column includes shares of Entergy Corporation common stock held by him indirectly through his spouse.

(2) Represents the balances of phantom units each director or executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of Entergy Corporation’s equity ownership plans. These units will be paid out in either Entergy Corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of Entergy Corporation common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends. The deferral period is determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus.

Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of December 31, 2025. Information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the shareholders. There are no shares authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the shareholders.

(1) Includes the 2011 Equity Ownership Plan, the 2015 EOP, and the 2019 OIP (collectively, the “Plans”). The 2011 Equity Ownership Plan was approved by Entergy Corporation shareholders on May 6, 2011 and only applies to awards granted between May 6, 2011 and May 7, 2015. The 2015 EOP was approved by Entergy Corporation shareholders on May 8, 2015 and only applies to awards granted between May 8, 2015 and May 3, 2019. The Entergy Corporation shareholders approved the 2019 OIP on May 3, 2019 and approved the issuance of 14,600,000 shares of Entergy Corporation common stock from the 2019 OIP for equity-based incentive awards. On May 5, 2023, the Entergy Corporation shareholders approved Amendment No. 1 to the 2019 OIP, which increased the aggregate number of shares available for equity-based incentive awards under the 2019 OIP by 9,800,000 shares of Entergy Corporation common stock, and extended the term of the 2019 OIP by approximately four years to January 27, 2033. The Plans are administered by the Talent and Compensation Committee of the Entergy Corporation Board of Directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire Board of Directors). Eligibility under the Plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an Entergy employer or an affiliate of Entergy Corporation. The Plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock), restricted stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards.

(2) The weighted-average exercise price reported in this column does not include outstanding performance awards.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence

The additional information required by this item will be set forth under Director Independence and Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions in the 2026 Entergy Proxy Statement, to be filed in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 8, 2026, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy)

Aggregate fees billed to Entergy Corporation (consolidated), Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 by Deloitte & Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. 34 ) were as follows:

(a) Audit Fees include fees for the audit of the registrant’s annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, reviews of financial statements including in the registrant’s quarterly reports, services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, and services associated with securities filings, such as comfort letters and consents.

(b) Audit-Related Fees includes fees for employee benefit plan audits and other attestation services.

(c) Includes the license fee for an accounting research tool in 2025 and 2024, as well as the fees for the SEC climate related disclosure rules readiness assessment and a training provided in 2024.

(d) 100% of fees in 2025 and 2024 were pre-approved by the Entergy Corporation Audit Committee in accordance with the policy described below.

Entergy Audit Committee Guidelines for Pre-approval of Independent Auditor Services

The Audit Committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of Entergy’s independent auditor to perform services for Entergy:

1. The independent auditor will provide the Audit Committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).

2. For other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, Entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the Audit Committee for pre-approval. Management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the SEC’s rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee, at its discretion, will pre-approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:

a. Aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.

b. All other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is a highly qualified provider of that service or if the Audit Committee pre-approves the independent audit firm to provide the service.

3. The Audit Committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.

4. To ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the Audit Committee delegates to the Audit Committee Chair or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees. The Audit Committee Chair or designee will report action taken to the Audit Committee at the next scheduled Audit Committee meeting.

5. The Vice President and General Auditor will be responsible for tracking all independent auditor fees and will report quarterly to the Audit Committee.

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy)

None.

EXHIBIT INDEX

The following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. The balance of the exhibits have previously been filed with the SEC as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. The exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by Item 15 of Form 10-K.

Some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of “materiality” that are different from the standard of “materiality” under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.

Entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this Form 10-K not misleading.

(2) Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession

(3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws

(4) Instruments Defining Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures

(10) Material Contracts

Entergy New Orleans

Entergy Texas

(14) Code of Ethics

*(19) Entergy System Insider Trading Policy adopted separately by each of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy .

*(21) Subsidiaries of the Registrants

*(24) Powers of Attorney

(97) Entergy System Policy Regarding Recoupment of Certain Compensation adopted separately by each of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Texas, effective October 2, 2023 (97 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 in 1-32718).

*(104) Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101)

ENTERGY CORPORATION

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Andrew S. Marsh (Chair of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Principal Financial Officer); Gina F. Adams, John H. Black, John R. Burbank, J. Frank Caldwell, Jr., Kirkland H. Donald, Brian W. Ellis, Philip L. Frederickson, M. Elise Hyland, Stuart L. Levenick, Karen A. Puckett, and R. Lewis Ropp (Directors).

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, LLC

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Laura R. Landreaux (Chair of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Financial Officer); and Kimberly Cook-Nelson (Director).

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Phillip R. May, Jr. (Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Financial Officer); and Kimberly Cook-Nelson (Director).

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, LLC

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Haley R. Fisackerly (Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Financial Officer); and Kimberly Cook-Nelson (Director).

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, LLC

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Deanna D. Rodriguez (Chair of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Financial Officer); and Kimberly Cook-Nelson (Director).

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Eliecer Viamontes (Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer); Kimberly A. Fontan (Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Financial Officer); and Kimberly Cook-Nelson (Director).

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. The signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.

Kimberly A. Fontan (Chair of the Board, President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director; Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer); John C. Dinelli and Barrett E. Green (Directors).

EXHIBIT 23(a)

CONSENTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302 on Form S-3 and in Registration Statements Nos. 333-174148, 333-204546, 333-231800, 333-251819 and 333-275398 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Entergy Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2025.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302-05 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of Entergy Arkansas, LLC and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Entergy Arkansas, LLC for the year ended December 31, 2025.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302-04 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of Entergy Louisiana, LLC and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Entergy Louisiana, LLC for the year ended December 31, 2025.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302-02 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of Entergy Mississippi, LLC and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Entergy Mississippi, LLC for the year ended December 31, 2025.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302-01 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Entergy Texas, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2025.

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-289302-03 on Form S-3 of our report dated February 19, 2026, relating to the financial statements of System Energy Resources, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of System Energy Resources, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2025.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana

February 19, 2026
