Item 5. Market for Registrants’ Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Entergy Corporation

The shares of Entergy Corporation’s common stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange LLC and the NYSE Texas, Inc. under the ticker symbol ETR. As of January 31, 2026, there were 17,784 stockholders of record of Entergy Corporation. See “ Dividends and Stock Repurchases ” in the “ Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital ” section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management’s Financial Discussion and Analysis and Note 7 to the financial statements for details of Entergy Corporation’s payment of dividends.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (1)

In accordance with Entergy’s stock-based compensation plans, Entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of Entergy’s common stock. According to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. Entergy’s management has been authorized by the Board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. In addition to this authority, the Board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. In October 2010 the Board granted authority for a $500 million share repurchase program. The amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. In addition, in the first quarter 2025, Entergy withheld 61,042 shares of its common stock at $78.79 per share, 1,300 shares of its common stock at $81.31 per share, 213,368 shares of its common stock at $81.99 per share, 171,525 shares of its common stock at $82.52 per share, and 1,118 shares of its common stock at $82.82 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program.

(1) See Note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.

(2) Maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million share repurchase program plan and does not include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.

Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy

There is no market for the common equity of the Registrant Subsidiaries.

Item 6. Reserved
