ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “KLAC.”

On August 7, 2025, we announced that our Board of Directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend of $1.90 per share to be paid on September 3, 2025 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 18, 2025.

As of July 21, 2025, there were 405 holders of record of our common stock.

Equity Repurchase Plans

(1) Our Board of Directors has authorized a program that permits us to repurchase our common stock, including a $5.00 billion increase approved by the Board in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. As of June 30, 2025, $5.03 billion remained available for repurchases under our repurchase program. All shares in the table were purchased pursuant to our publicly announced repurchase program.

(2) Our stock repurchase program has no expiration date and may be suspended at any time. Future repurchases of shares of our common stock under our repurchase program may be effected through various different repurchase transaction structures including isolated open market transactions, accelerated share repurchase agreements or systematic repurchase plans, subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other factors.

(3) Average price paid per share and approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs exclude the excise tax imposed on certain stock repurchases as part of the IRA, or other fees, costs or expenses that may be applicable to the repurchases.

Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return

Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary in any of our previous or future filings with the SEC, the following information relating to the price performance of our common stock shall not be deemed “filed” with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act and shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings.

The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total return attained by stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 Index and the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (“PHLX”). The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our common stock and in each of the indices (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June 30, 2020 to June 30, 2025.

Our fiscal year ends June 30. The comparisons in the graph above are based upon historical data and are not necessarily indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future stock price performance.

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
