UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _______

Commission File Number 1-1687

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Date File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2025, was $ 25,642 million.

As of January 31, 2026, 223,494,714 shares of the Registrant’s common stock, with a par value of $1.66 2 / 3 per share, were outstanding. As of that date, the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates was $25,824 million.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of PPG Industries, Inc. Proxy Statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Proxy Statement”) to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the Company’s fiscal year, are incorporated herein by reference into Part III of this report.

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 1

PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES

As used in this report, the terms “PPG,” “Company,” “Registrant,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to PPG Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, unless the context indicates otherwise.

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 2

Part I

Item 1. Business

PPG Industries, Inc. manufactures and distributes a broad range of paints, coatings and specialty products. PPG was incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1883. PPG’s vision is to be the first-choice partner to meet our customers’ evolving needs for innovative paints, coatings and surface solutions to protect and beautify the world.

PPG has a proud heritage with a demonstrated commitment to innovation, sustainability, community engagement and development of leading-edge paint, coatings and specialty products. Through dedication and industry-leading expertise, we solve our customers’ biggest challenges, collaborating closely to find the right path forward. PPG is a global leader that markets and sells in more than 50 countries.

PPG supplies paints, coatings and specialty products to customers serving a wide array of end-uses, including industrial equipment and components; packaging material; aircraft and marine equipment; automotive original equipment; automotive refinish and aftermarket; pavement marking products; as well as coatings for other industrial and consumer products. PPG also serves commercial and residential new build and maintenance customers by supplying coatings to painting and maintenance contractors and directly to consumers for decoration and maintenance.

The coatings industry is highly competitive and consists of several large firms with global presence and many firms supplying local or regional markets. PPG competes in its primary markets with the world’s largest coatings companies, most of which have global operations, and with many regional coatings companies.

PPG’s business is comprised of three reportable business segments:

• Global Architectural Coatings : Leverages leading trusted brands and its world-class distribution networks to provide sustainable do-it-yourself (DIY), trade and retail high-performance solutions to customers across key geographies

• Performance Coatings: Delivers highly-specified, differentiated products and services that enhance customer productivity, focused on aftermarket and select original equipment manufacturers to maximize profitable growth

• Industrial Coatings: Provides direct-to-factory technology-advantaged solutions integrated into original equipment manufacturer customers’ operations that support their global expansion, sustainability and productivity goals.

Further information related to the three reportable business segments is summarized below.

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 3

GLOBAL ARCHITECTURAL COATINGS

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 4

PERFORMANCE COATINGS

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 5

INDUSTRIAL COATINGS

(a) Original equipment manufacturer (OEM)

Research and Development

Technology innovation has been a hallmark of PPG’s success throughout its history. The Company seeks to optimize its investment in research and development to create new products to drive profitable growth. We align our product development with the macro trends in the markets we serve, including a focus on sustainability and productivity, and leverage core technology platforms to develop products to address unmet market needs. Additionally, we operate laboratories in close geographic proximity to our customers, and we customize our products for our customers' end-use

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 6

applications. Our history of successful technology introductions is based on a commitment to an efficient and effective innovation process and disciplined portfolio management. We have obtained government funding for a small portion of the Company’s research efforts, and we will continue to pursue government funding, where appropriate.

We own and operate several facilities to conduct research and development for new and improved products and processes. In addition to the Company’s centralized principal research and development centers (see Item 2. “Properties” of this Form 10-K), operating segments manage their development through centers of excellence. As part of our ongoing efforts to manage our formulations and raw material costs effectively, we operate global competitive sourcing laboratories. Because of our broad array of products and customers, we are not materially dependent upon any single technology platform.

Raw Materials, Energy and Logistics

PPG uses a wide variety of complex raw materials that serve as the building blocks of our manufactured products. The Company’s most significant raw materials include resins, solvents, reactants, titanium dioxide, additives, epoxy and pigments. Raw materials include both organic, primarily petroleum-derived, materials and inorganic materials, including titanium dioxide. Raw materials represent PPG’s single largest production cost component.

Most of the raw materials and energy used in production are purchased from outside sources, and the Company has made, and continues to make, supply arrangements to meet our planned operating requirements for the future. Supply of critical raw materials and energy is managed by establishing contracts with multiple sources and identifying alternative materials or technology whenever possible. In connection with our decarbonization efforts undertaken to meet customer requirements, we continue to increase the amount of renewable energy secured for our operating facilities, and we are increasingly evaluating alternative raw materials that offer sustainable benefits and support the circular economy, including recycled and renewable feedstocks. Prices for certain of our raw materials typically fluctuate with energy prices and global supply and demand changes; however, pricing may be impacted by the fact that the manufacture of our raw materials is several steps downstream from crude oil, natural gas, and other key feedstocks.

Through effective management of raw materials, energy and logistics, the Company aims to maintain a competitive cost position and ensure ongoing security of supply. Security of a sufficient supply of high-quality raw materials is important to PPG’s continued success as it allows the Company to increase production as necessary to keep pace with customer demand. We continue to focus on improving our competitive cost position and expanding our supply of high-quality raw materials, including strategic initiatives to qualify multiple sources of supply.

We typically experience fluctuating prices for energy and raw materials driven by various factors, including changes in supplier feedstock costs and inventories, global industry activity levels, foreign currency exchange rates, government regulation, tariffs, and global supply and demand factors. Despite the impact of previously enacted tariffs, anti-dumping duties and significant uncertainty related to global tariff rates and policies throughout 2025, raw material costs were generally stable during the year and did not change significantly compared to 2024. In 2026, raw material costs are expected to continue to remain relatively flat compared to 2025.

We are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the regulation and registration of chemicals which could potentially impact the availability and viability of some of the raw materials we use in our production processes. Our ongoing, global product stewardship efforts are directed at maintaining our compliance with these standards. We anticipate that the number of chemical registration regulations will continue to increase globally, and we have implemented programs to track and comply with these regulations.

Our Supplier Sustainability Policy and our Human Rights Policy build upon our Global Supplier Code of Conduct by establishing expectations for sustainability within our operations and our supply chain. These policies reinforce our expectations that our suppliers, as well as their subcontractors, will comply fully with applicable laws and adhere to internationally recognized environmental, social and corporate-governance standards.

Global Operations

PPG has significant non-U.S. operations. This broad geographic footprint serves to lessen the significance to us of economic impacts occurring in any one region of the world. As a result of our global footprint, we are subject to certain inherent risks, including economic and political conditions in international markets, trade protection measures and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. During 2025, foreign currency translation increased Net sales by $137 million and decreased Income before income taxes by $8 million.

Refer to Note 20, “Revenue Recognition” in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional geographic information pertaining to sales and Note 21, “Reportable Business Segment Information” in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for geographic information related to PPG’s property, plant and equipment.

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 7

Seasonality

PPG’s Income before income taxes has typically been greater in the second and third quarters and Cash from operating activities has been greatest in the fourth quarter due to end-use market seasonality, primarily in our architectural coatings and traffic solutions businesses. Demand for our architectural coatings in Europe and traffic solutions products in the U.S and Canada is typically the strongest in the second and third quarters due to higher home improvement, maintenance and construction activity during the spring and summer months. The Latin American paint season is the strongest in the fourth quarter. These cyclical activity levels result in the collection of outstanding receivables and lower inventory on hand in the fourth quarter generating higher Cash from operating activities.

Human Capital

As of December 31, 2025, PPG employed approximately 43,500 people, of which approximately 11,000 were in the United States and approximately 32,500 were elsewhere in the world. The Company has numerous collective bargaining agreements throughout the world. We observe local customs, laws and practices in labor relations when negotiating collective bargaining agreements. There were no significant work stoppages in 2025. While we have experienced occasional work stoppages and may experience some work stoppages in the future, we believe that we will be able to negotiate all labor agreements on satisfactory terms. To date, these work stoppages have not had a significant impact on our results of operations. Overall, we believe we have good relationships with our employees.

The PPG Way is a set of behaviors that enables, empowers and engages each employee to fully live our values and realize our full potential as an organization. It guides our employees and leaders as we strive to achieve our purpose of protecting and beautifying the world. Employee engagement is a measure of the extent to which our employees are involved in, enthusiastic about, and committed to our work and workplace. In 2025, employee engagement remained strong, with our October 2025 engagement survey showing consistently high levels of engagement across the workforce, supporting the organizational health required to deliver the Company’s long term growth strategy.

Our human capital management strategies provide the foundation for our teams to thrive and deliver exceptional performance. These strategies in the areas of culture and purpose, employee engagement, development and pay equity are overseen by the Board of Directors, including its Human Capital Management and Compensation Committee. We are committed to ensuring our employees are safe, healthy, enabled, engaged and valued for the unique talents they bring to PPG. We believe that having quality dialogue with our people, recognizing the value they bring and championing an authentic culture generates engaged employees and a company that is more innovative, productive and competitive. Our focus on and investment in learning and development are crucial to ensuring we keep our people engaged, productive and successful at every stage of their careers. We are committed to promoting from within wherever possible while also bringing in new ideas, thoughts and insights.

One of PPG’s greatest strengths is our people. Their talents and unique perspectives enable us to meet challenges quickly, creatively and effectively, providing a significant competitive advantage in today’s global economy. To ensure our people feel valued and respected, we are committed to providing a workplace that embraces a culture of collaboration and is free from harassment and bullying.

Our environmental, health and safety policy and standards define our expectations, and we implement programs and initiatives to reduce health and safety risk in our operations. We measure progress against our health and safety goals using the injury and illness rate, which is calculated as the number of illness and injury incidents per 200,000 work hours. For 2025, our injury and illness rate was 0.22.

More information about PPG’s human capital management strategies and our workforce can be found in the Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and in our Sustainability Report located at http://sustainability.ppg.com.

Environmental Matters

PPG is committed to operating in a sustainable and productive manner and to helping our customers meet their sustainability goals. Our sustainability efforts are overseen by the Sustainability and Innovation Committee of our Board of Directors. At the management level, day-to-day implementation of our sustainability initiatives is led by our Vice President, Global Sustainability who coordinates PPG’s sustainability programs, integrates these programs into our business and communicates the benefits of our sustainably advantaged products to our customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. The Vice President, Global Sustainability works with PPG’s Sustainability Committee, a committee of management consisting of senior corporate executives, to establish and monitor our sustainability goals, policies, programs and procedures that incorporate sustainability into our business practices, including resource management, innovation, community engagement, communications, procurement, manufacturing and employee wellness.

Our dedication to innovation is intertwined with sustainability. In 2025, PPG continued to innovate and deliver sustainably-advantaged solutions based on our customers’ desire to improve their productivity and to reduce overall value chain

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 8

environmental impacts. Our products contribute to lighter, more fuel-efficient vehicles, airplanes and ships, and they help our customers reduce their energy consumption, conserve water and reduce waste. These products include compact automotive paint processes and low temperature cure capabilities that save energy and reduce water usage at customer manufacturing sites; sustainably-advantaged waterborne coatings formulations; sustainably-advantaged powder coatings; lightweight sealants and coatings for aircraft; coatings that cool surfaces; coatings for recyclable metal packaging; antimicrobial products; coatings that contain reduced materials of concern; architectural coatings that contain lower carbon content raw materials; and solutions for autonomous and battery-powered vehicles. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 43% of sales were from sustainably-advantaged products and processes that we have defined as addressing multiple sustainability benefits, including lower emissions, lower toxicity, energy efficiency, use of renewable raw materials or extending durability.

PPG is committed to using resources efficiently and integrating sustainability throughout our entire value chain to drive productivity improvements, including continued focus on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, water withdrawal and total energy use. In 2023, PPG announced its near-term 2030 sustainability goals, including greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions targets that have been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. PPG’s 2030 sustainability goals include a commitment to reduce absolute emissions from its own operations (scope 1 and 2) by 50% by 2030 from a 2019 base year and to reduce absolute scope 3 GHG emissions from purchased goods and services, processing of sold products, and end-of-life treatment of sold products by 30% within the same timeframe.

We are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the protection of the environment. In management’s opinion, the Company operates in an environmentally sound manner and is well positioned, relative to environmental matters, within the industries in which it operates. PPG is negotiating with various government agencies concerning current and former manufacturing sites and offsite waste disposal locations, including certain sites on the National Priority List. While PPG is not generally a major contributor of wastes to these offsite waste disposal locations, each potentially responsible party may face governmental agency assertions of joint and several liability. Generally, however, a final allocation of costs is made based on relative contributions of wastes to the site. There is a wide range of cost estimates for cleanup of these sites, due largely to uncertainties as to the nature and extent of their condition and the methods that may have to be employed for their remediation. The Company has established reserves for onsite and offsite remediation of those sites where it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated.

Our experience to date regarding environmental matters leads us to believe that we will have continuing expenditures for compliance with provisions regulating the protection of the environment and for present and future remediation efforts at waste and plant sites. Management anticipates that such expenditures will occur over an extended period of time.

In addition to the $206 million currently reserved for environmental remediation efforts, we may be subject to loss contingencies related to environmental matters estimated to be approximately $100 million to $200 million. These reasonably possible unreserved losses relate to environmental matters at a number of sites, none of which are individually significant. The loss contingencies related to these sites include significant unresolved issues such as the nature and extent of contamination at these sites and the methods that may have to be employed to remediate them.

Management believes that the outcome of these environmental contingencies will not have a material adverse effect on PPG’s financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. Refer to Note 15, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities” in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information related to environmental matters and our accrued liability for estimated environmental remediation costs.

We believe that the amount spent on capital expenditures for environmental control projects in 2026 will be similar to 2025. Actual future capital expenditures may differ from expectations due to the inherent uncertainties involved in estimating future environmental remediation compliance costs, including possible technological, regulatory and enforcement developments, the results of environmental studies and other factors.

Available Information

The Company’s website address is www.ppg.com . The Company posts, and shareholders may access without charge, the Company’s recent filings and any amendments of its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and its proxy statements as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company also posts all financial press releases, including earnings releases, and all other reports filed or furnished to the SEC, including current reports on Form 8-K to its website. Reference to the Company’s, the SEC’s or other websites herein does not incorporate by reference any information contained on those websites, and such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K.

2025 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 9
