ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

All schedules have been omitted, because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Intuitive Surgical, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Determination of Standalone Selling Prices Related to System Sale Arrangements

As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized $ 2,473.7 million of systems revenue during the year ended December 31, 2025, of which a majority relates to system sale arrangements. The Company’s system sale arrangements include a combination of the following performance obligations: system(s); system components; system accessories; instruments; accessories; and system service. For multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which the Company separately sells the products or services. If a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then management estimates the standalone selling price considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, historical pricing data, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, and type of customer.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the determination of standalone selling prices related to system sale arrangements is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining estimates of standalone selling prices, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the estimates of standalone selling prices used to allocate the transaction price of an arrangement to each distinct performance obligation.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls over the revenue recognition process, including controls over the determination of the estimates of standalone selling prices. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for determining the estimates of standalone selling prices; (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the overall methodology used by management to develop the estimates, including the appropriateness of the data inputs related to the systems, geographies, and type of customer used in the methodology; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the methodology; and (iv) testing the accuracy of management’s calculations of estimated selling prices.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California

February 3, 2026

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE AMOUNTS)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

(IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

(IN MILLIONS)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(IN MILLIONS)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(IN MILLIONS)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

INTUITIVE SURGICAL, INC.

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In this report, “Intuitive,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries.

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS

Intuitive develops, manufactures, and markets da Vinci surgical systems and the Ion endoluminal system. The Company’s products and related services enable physicians and healthcare providers to improve the quality of and access to minimally invasive care. The da Vinci surgical system is designed to enable surgeons to perform a wide range of surgical procedures within our targeted general surgery, urologic, gynecologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck specialties and consists of a surgeon console or consoles, a patient-side cart, and a high-performance vision system. The Ion endoluminal system is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung and consists of a system cart, a controller, a catheter, and a vision probe. Both systems use software, instruments, and accessories.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the results and balances of the Company’s majority-owned joint ventures, Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (HongKong) Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Joint Venture”) with Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. (“Fosun Pharma”). The Company holds a controlling financial interest in the Joint Venture, and the noncontrolling interest is reflected as a separate component of the consolidated stockholders’ equity. The noncontrolling interest’s share of the earnings in the Joint Venture is presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting estimates that require management’s most significant, complex, and subjective judgments include the standalone selling prices used to allocate the contract consideration to the individual performance obligations, the valuation of inventory, the valuation of and assessment of the recoverability of intangible assets and goodwill, the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes, including the measurement of uncertain tax positions, and the estimates for legal contingencies. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.

Concentrations of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties

The carrying amounts for financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to their short maturities. Marketable securities and derivative instruments are stated at their estimated fair values, based on quoted market prices for the same or similar instruments. The counterparties to the agreements relating to the Company’s investment securities and derivative instruments consist of various major corporations, financial institutions, and government agencies of high credit standing.

The Company’s accounts receivable are primarily derived from billings related to revenue arrangements with customers and distributors located throughout the world. The Company performs credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition and, generally, requires no collateral from its customers. The Company provides reserves for potential credit losses but has not experienced significant losses to date. As of December 31, 2025, and 2024, 65 % and 66 %, respectively, of accounts receivable were from domestic customers.

During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, domestic revenue accounted for 68 %, 67 %, and 66 % of total revenue, respectively, while outside of the U.S. (“OUS”) revenue accounted for 32 %, 33 %, and 34 % of total revenue, respectively, for each of the years then ended.

The Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by uncertainties surrounding macroeconomic and geopolitical factors in both the U.S. and globally. These uncertainties include any introduction or modification of tariffs or trade barriers, inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, disruptions in commodity markets stemming from conflicts, such as those between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East, and supply chain challenges.

Recent tariff changes imposed by the U.S. and other countries have created increased risks and uncertainties surrounding the Company’s future results of operations. The U.S. import tariffs, along with any reciprocal measures by other countries, are expected to continue to increase the Company’s cost of raw materials and finished goods imported from outside of the U.S. Additionally, the Company anticipates that some of its suppliers will incur incremental tariff-related costs, which may be passed on to the Company. The ultimate impact of changes to tariffs or trade barriers will depend on various factors, including the timing, amount, scope, and nature of any tariffs or trade barriers that are implemented.

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a final maturity from the date of purchase of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. Amounts included in restricted cash primarily relate to the Company’s insurance programs and certain employee-related benefits.

Investments

Available-for-sale debt securities. The Company’s investments may consist of money market funds, U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, high-quality corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-U.S. government agency securities, and taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes. The Company has designated all investments as available-for-sale and, therefore, the investments are subject to periodic impairment under the available-for-sale debt security impairment model. Available-for-sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position are written down to fair value through a charge to interest and other income, net, if the Company intends to sell the security or it is more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The Company evaluates the remaining securities to determine what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. A decline in fair value attributable to expected credit losses is recorded to interest and other income, net, while any portion of the loss related to non-credit factors is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). For securities sold prior to maturity, the cost of the securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Realized gains and losses on the sale of investments are recorded in interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Investments with remaining maturities at the date of purchase greater than 90 days and remaining maturities as of the reporting period of less than one year are classified as short-term investments. Investments with remaining maturities greater than one year are classified as long-term investments.

Equity investments. From time to time, the Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. The Company recognizes equity investments with readily determinable fair values at the quoted market price with changes in value recorded in interest and other income, net. The Company generally recognizes equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer with changes in value recorded in interest and other income, net.

Fair Value Measurements

The Company measures the fair value of money market funds, U.S. treasury securities, and equity investments with readily determinable value based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets as Level 1 securities. Marketable securities measured at fair value using Level 2 inputs are, or have been, primarily comprised of commercial paper, corporate notes and bonds, U.S. and non-U.S. government agencies, and municipal notes. The Company reviews trading activity and pricing for these investments as of the measurement date. When sufficient quoted pricing for identical securities is not available, the Company uses market pricing and other observable market inputs for similar securities obtained from various third-party data providers. These inputs either represent quoted prices for similar assets in active markets or have been derived from observable market data. This approach results in the Level 2 classification of these securities within the fair value hierarchy.

Inventory

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs include direct materials, direct labor, and normal manufacturing overhead. The cost basis of the Company’s inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excessive or obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Additionally, the cost basis of the Company’s inventory does not include any unallocated fixed overhead costs associated with abnormally low utilization of its factories.

Property, Plant, and Equipment

Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, down to the estimated salvage value, if any. The salvage value of operating lease assets is estimated based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the lease term, technological obsolescence, and the expected future demand for refurbished systems.

Depreciation is recognized over the following estimated useful lives:

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, was $ 600 million, $ 439 million, and $ 382 million, respectively.

Capitalized Software Costs for Internal Use

The Company capitalizes direct costs associated with developing or obtaining internal use software, including enterprise-wide business software, which are incurred during the application development stage. These capitalized costs are recorded as capitalized software within property, plant, and equipment. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Once the software is ready for its intended use, amounts capitalized are amortized over an estimated useful life of up to 8 years on a straight-line basis.

Implementation Costs in a Cloud Computing Arrangement

The Company capitalizes qualified implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract for which it is the customer in accordance with the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to develop internal-use software. These capitalized implementation costs are recorded within intangible and other assets, net, and are generally amortized over the fixed, non-cancellable term of the associated hosting arrangement on a straight-line basis. The following table summarizes implementation costs in cloud computing arrangements as of the periods presented (in millions):

During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized $ 11.9 million, $ 10.8 million, and $ 10.2 million of amortization expense associated with capitalized implementation costs, respectively.

Business Combinations

The Company accounts for business acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . This standard requires the acquiring entity in a business combination to recognize the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree using acquisition-date fair values. Certain provisions of this standard prescribe, among other things, the determination of acquisition-date fair value of consideration paid in a business combination, including contingent consideration. The excess of the acquisition-date fair value of consideration paid over the fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related costs are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. The Company includes the results of operations of the businesses that are acquired as of the acquisition date.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets

Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or if circumstances indicate their value may no longer be recoverable. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets and liabilities. The Company continues to operate in one segment, which is considered to be the sole reporting unit and, therefore, goodwill was tested for impairment at the enterprise level.

Intangible assets are carried at cost, net of accumulated amortization. Amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis over the intangible assets’ useful lives, which range from approximately 1 to 8 years.

Impairment of Long-lived Assets

The Company evaluates long-lived assets, which include finite-lived intangible and tangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparing the net book value to the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets. The Company recognizes an impairment charge equal to the amount by which the net book value exceeds its fair value. No material impairment losses were incurred in the periods presented.

Revenue Recognition

The Company’s revenue consists of product revenue, resulting from the sale of systems, system components, and instruments and accessories, and service revenue. The Company accounts for a contract with a customer when there is a legally enforceable contract between the Company and its customer, the rights of the parties are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and the collectability of the contract consideration is probable. The Company’s revenues are measured based on the consideration specified in the contract with each customer, net of any sales incentives and taxes collected from customers that are remitted to government authorities.

The Company’s system sale arrangements generally contain multiple products and services. For these bundled sale arrangements, the Company accounts for individual products and services as separate performance obligations if they are a distinct product or service that is separately identifiable from other items in bundled packages and if a customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. The Company’s system sale arrangements include a combination of the following performance obligations: system(s); system components; system accessories; instruments; accessories; and system service. The Company’s system sale arrangements generally include a five-year period of service. The first year of service is generally included in the system sale arrangement for no additional consideration, and the remaining four years of service are priced separately. The Company considers the service terms in the arrangements that are legally enforceable to be performance obligations. Other than service, the Company generally satisfies all of the performance obligations at a point in time. System components, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service are also sold on a stand-alone basis.

For multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which the Company separately sells the products or services. If a standalone selling price is not directly observable, the Company estimates the standalone selling price considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, historical pricing data, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, and type of customer. The Company regularly reviews standalone selling prices and updates these estimates, as necessary.

The Company recognizes revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of the product or service to a customer. The Company generally recognizes revenue for the performance obligations in the following manner:

System sales. For systems (including system components and system accessories) sold directly to end customers, revenue is recognized when the Company transfers control to the customer, which is generally at the point when acceptance occurs that indicates customer acknowledgment of delivery or installation, depending on the terms of the arrangement. For systems sold through distributors, revenue is recognized generally at the time of shipment. The Company’s system arrangements generally do not provide a right of return. The systems are generally covered by a one-year warranty, which is accounted for as a single performance obligation with the first year of service.

Instruments and accessories. Revenue from sales of instruments and accessories is recognized when control is transferred to the customers, which generally occurs at the time of shipment but could also occur at the time of delivery, depending on the customer arrangement. The Company generally allows its customers to return unused products for a limited period of time subsequent to the initial purchase in the normal course of business and records an allowance against revenue for estimated returns.

Service. Service revenue is recognized over the term of the service period, as the customer benefits from the services throughout the service period. Revenue related to services performed on a time-and-materials basis is recognized when performed.

Transactions involving system trade-ins

Customers can negotiate to trade in their older systems for a credit towards the purchase of a newer generation system. Such trade-in transactions are generally not based on any pre-existing rights granted by the Company and are generally negotiated separately based on the circumstances at the time of the trade-in and based on the then-fair value of the underlying system. Accordingly, such trade-ins are generally not considered separate performance obligations.

When a specified-price trade-in right is granted at the time of a system purchase, it generally provides for a trade-in credit that requires the customer to enter into a new purchase agreement to exercise that right. The Company accounts for such rights

as a guarantee and reduces the total consideration by the fair value of that guarantee. The remaining consideration is allocated to each performance obligation based on their relative fair value. As of December 31, 2025, and 2024, the liability recognized for these guarantees was not material.

Traded-in systems can generally be reconditioned and resold. The Company accounts for the fair value of the traded-in system as additional consideration. When there is no market for the traded-in system, no value is assigned. The value of the traded-in system is reported as a component of inventory until resold.

Purchases of system components

Customers have the opportunity to add additional features to their systems at a price that is separately negotiated, for example, by adding a second surgeon console for use with the da Vinci surgical system. Revenue is recognized when the component level features have been provided and all revenue recognition criteria are met.

Assets Recognized from the Cost to Obtain a Contract with a Customer

The Company has determined that certain sales incentives provided to the Company’s sales team are required to be capitalized when the Company expects to generate future economic benefits from the related revenue-generating contracts subsequent to the initial sales transaction. Capitalized contract acquisition costs are recorded within intangible and other assets, net and are amortized on a systematic basis based on the timing of when the Company expects to earn the related revenue. The sales incentives allocated to system sales and sales-type leases are expensed upon the transfer of control of the systems, and the amounts allocated to service and system operating leases are amortized over their economic life on a straight-line basis. When determining the economic life of the contract acquisition assets recognized, the Company considers historical contract renewal rates, expectations of future contract renewals, and other factors that could impact the economic benefits that the Company expects to generate from that arrangement. The amounts capitalized as contract acquisition costs were $ 130 million and $ 111 million as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized $ 38.0 million, $ 37.7 million, and $ 33.0 million of amortization expense associated with contract acquisition assets, respectively. The Company did not incur any impairment losses during the periods presented.

Intuitive System Leasing

The Company enters into lease arrangements with certain qualified customers. Leases have terms that generally range from 12 to 84 months and are usually collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. The Company also leases systems to certain qualified customers under usage-based arrangements that have terms of up to 84 months. For these usage-based lease arrangements, the lease fee is generally billed monthly in arrears based on a contractual per-use fee where usage is generally defined as the number of procedures performed with the system.

Revenue related to multiple-element arrangements are allocated to lease and non-lease elements based on their relative standalone selling prices as prescribed by the Company’s revenue recognition policy. Lease elements generally include a system or system component, while non-lease elements generally include service. For some lease arrangements, customers are provided with the right to purchase the leased system at some point during and/or at the end of the lease term. Except for usage-based lease arrangements, lease arrangements generally do not provide rights for the customers to exit or terminate the lease without incurring a penalty. Certain lease arrangements may also include upgrade rights that allow customers to upgrade the leased system to newer technology at some point during the lease term. Generally, these upgrade rights do not specify the terms, including the price or structure of the future upgrade transactions and are subject to negotiation and mutual agreement of terms based on the circumstances at the time of the upgrade, including the then-fair value of the system as well as other factors. System upgrade transactions generally will result in a modification of the existing lease. The Company accounts for lease modifications at the time a new or amended contract is executed.

In determining whether a transaction should be classified as a sales-type or operating lease (whether fixed-payment or usage-based), the Company considers the following terms at lease commencement: (1) whether title of the system transfers automatically or for a nominal fee by the end of the lease term; (2) whether the present value of the minimum lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the leased system; (3) whether the lease term is for the major part of the remaining economic life of the leased system; and (4) whether the lease grants the lessee an option to purchase the leased system that the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise.

The Company generally recognizes revenue from sales-type lease arrangements at the time the system is accepted by the customer, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue related to lease elements from sales-type leases is presented as product revenue. Revenue related to lease elements from fixed-payment operating lease arrangements is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is presented as product revenue. Revenue related to lease elements from usage-based arrangements is recognized as the customers utilize the systems and is presented as product revenue.

We generally require customers to pay for the property taxes that are due on leased systems. The amounts invoiced to customers for property taxes are considered variable lease payments and are included in product revenue. Amounts related to property taxes were not material in any of the periods presented.

Other Leasing Arrangements

The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. For arrangements where the Company is the lessee, operating leases are included in intangible and other assets, net, other accrued liabilities, and other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company currently does not have any finance leases.

Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and any lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date, less lease incentives received. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the lease liabilities, as the Company does not have insight into the inputs necessary to calculate the implicit rate of the leases. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate when the Company is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company also has lease arrangements with lease and non-lease components. The Company elected the practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease components for the Company’s real estate and automobile leases. Additionally, the Company applied a portfolio approach to effectively account for the operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities for the Company’s automobile leases. The Company also elected to apply the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption in which ROU assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for leases with terms of 12 months or less.

Credit Losses

Trade accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on the Company’s assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. For the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, bad debt expense was not material.

Net investment in sales-type leases. The Company enters into sales-type leases with certain qualified customers to purchase its systems. Sales-type leases have terms that generally range from 24 to 84 months and are usually collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. The allowance for loan loss is based on the Company’s assessment of the current expected lifetime loss on lease receivables. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the lease receivable balances, and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. Lease receivables are considered past due 90 days after the due date of the invoice.

The Company manages the credit risk of the net investment in sales-type leases using a number of factors relating to our customers, including, but not limited to, the following: size of operations; profitability, liquidity, and debt ratios; payment history; and past due amounts. The Company also uses credit scores obtained from external providers as a key indicator for the purposes of determining credit quality. The following table summarizes the amortized cost basis by year of origination and by credit quality for the net investment in sales-type leases as of December 31, 2025 (in millions):

For the year ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, credit losses related to the net investment in sales-type leases were not material.

The Company’s exposure to credit losses may increase if its customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, procedure coverage, and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty associated with local or global economic recessions, or other customer-specific factors. Although the Company has historically not experienced significant credit losses, it is possible that there could be a material adverse impact from potential adjustments of the carrying amount of trade and lease receivables as hospital cash flows are impacted by macroeconomic factors, including inflation, high interest rates, and staffing constraints.

Available-for-sale debt securities. The Company regularly reviews the securities in an unrealized loss position and evaluates the current expected credit loss by considering factors such as historical experience, market data, financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to the credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security. The Company segments its portfolio based on the underlying risk profiles of the securities and has a zero-loss expectation for U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities. The basis for this assumption is that these securities have consistently high credit ratings by rating agencies, have a long history with no credit losses, are explicitly guaranteed by a sovereign entity, which can print its own currency, and are denominated in a currency that is routinely held by central banks, used in international commerce, and commonly viewed as a reserve currency. Additionally, all of the Company’s investments in corporate debt securities are in securities with high-quality credit ratings, which have historically experienced low rates of default. For the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities were not material.

Allowance for Sales Returns

The allowance for sales returns is based on the Company’s estimates of potential future returns of certain products related to current period product revenue. The Company analyzes historical returns, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand and acceptance of the Company’s products.

Share-Based Compensation

The Company grants long-term equity awards under its stock-based compensation plans to certain employees and non-employee directors of the Company. These awards include restricted stock units, stock options, and performance stock units. The Company’s share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company estimates expected forfeitures at the time of grant and revises the estimate, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimated.

Restricted stock units . The fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) is determined based on the closing quoted price of the Company’s common stock on the date of the grant.

Stock options. The Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted and utilizes the following inputs: (1) closing quoted price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant; (2) expected term; (3) expected volatility; and (4) risk-free interest rate.

Expected Term: The expected term represents the weighted-average period that the stock options are expected to be outstanding prior to being exercised. The Company determines expected term based on historical exercise patterns and its expectation of the time that it will take for employees to exercise options still outstanding.

Expected Volatility: The Company uses market-based implied volatility for purposes of valuing stock options granted. Market-based implied volatility is derived based on actively traded options with expirations greater than one year on the Company’s common stock. The extent to which the Company relies on market-based volatility when valuing options depends, among other things, on the availability of traded options on the Company’s stock and the term of such options. Due to a sufficient volume of traded options, the Company used 100 % market-based implied volatility to value options granted, which the Company believes is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility.

Risk-Free Interest Rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the stock option.

Performance stock units . Performance stock units (“PSUs”) include predefined performance and market conditions. The fair value of performance stock units with performance conditions is based on the closing quoted price of the Company’s common stock on the date of the grant. The Company estimates the number of awards with performance conditions that will ultimately vest based on the probability of achievement each quarter to determine the amount of compensation expense to recognize each reporting period. The fair value of performance stock units that include a market condition is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model.

Employee stock purchase plan . The fair value of shares to be issued under the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”) is computed using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model at the commencement of an offering period in February and August of each year utilizing the following inputs: (1) closing quoted price of the Company’s common stock on the initial date of the offering period; (2) expected term; (3) expected volatility; and (4) risk-free interest rate. Share-based compensation for the ESPP is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the two-year offering period.

See “Note 10. Share-Based Compensation” for a detailed discussion of the Company’s stock plans and share-based compensation expense.

Computation of Net Income per Share

Basic net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. is computed using the weighted-average number of the Company’s shares and dilutive potential shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential shares primarily consist of RSUs, stock options, PSUs, and shares to be purchased by employees under the ESPP.

Employee equity share options, non-vested shares, and similar equity instruments granted by the Company are treated as potential common shares outstanding in computing diluted earnings per share. Diluted shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of equity awards, which is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and the amount of compensation cost for future service that the Company has not yet recognized are assumed to be used to repurchase shares.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include amortization of intangible assets, costs associated with co-development research and development licensing arrangements, costs of prototypes, salaries, benefits and other headcount-related costs, contract and other outside service fees, and facilities and overhead costs.

Foreign Currency and Other Hedging Instruments

For subsidiaries whose local currency is their functional currency, their assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates at the balance sheet date, and revenues and expenses are translated using exchange rates in effect during the period. Gains and losses from foreign currency translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within stockholders’ equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For all non-functional currency monetary account balances, the re-measurement of such balances to the functional currency results in either a foreign exchange gain or loss, which is recorded to interest and other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the same accounting period that the re-measurement occurred.

The Company uses derivatives to partially offset its business exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. The terms of the Company’s derivative contracts are generally thirteen months or shorter. The Company typically hedges portions of its forecasted foreign currency exposure associated with revenue and expenses. The Company may also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. The hedging program is not designated for trading or speculative purposes.

The Company’s accounting policies for these instruments are based on whether the instruments are designated as hedging or non-hedging instruments. The Company records all derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The effective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) (“OCI”) until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are de-designated as hedges when it is probable that the forecasted hedged transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two-month time period. Gains and losses in OCI associated with such derivative instruments are reclassified immediately into earnings through interest and other income, net. Any subsequent changes in the fair value of such derivative instruments also are reflected in current earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings in interest and other income, net.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established or adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the amount of deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized in the future.

The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company includes interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits as a component of its income tax expense.

The Company recognizes excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the provision for income taxes as discrete items in the period when the awards vest or are settled. The Company accounts for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (“GILTI”) as period costs when incurred.

Legal Contingencies

From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, employees, and other matters. A liability and related charge are recorded to earnings in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The assessment is re-evaluated each period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that represents the Company. If a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. If a material loss is reasonably possible but not probable and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred.

When determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. Estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. The final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict and, therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. Consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”), which requires enhanced income tax disclosures, including specific categories and disaggregation of information in the effective tax rate reconciliation, disaggregated information related to income taxes paid, income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit, and income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 during the fourth quarter of 2025 on a prospective basis. The standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s Financial Statements. Refer to Note 11 for more information.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”), which requires disclosure about the types of costs and expenses included in certain expense captions presented on the income statement. The new disclosure requirements are effective for the Company’s annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on its related disclosures.

In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-06, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software (“ASU 2025-06”), which modernizes the accounting for internal-use software costs. ASU 2025-06 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an annual period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this pronouncement on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-07, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) and Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Derivative Scope Refinements and Scope Clarification for Share-Based Noncash Consideration from a Customer in a Revenue Contract (“ASU 2025-07”), which refines the scope of derivative accounting and clarifies the guidance on share-based payments from a customer in revenue arrangements. ASU 2025-07 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets (“ASU 2025-05”) , which provides a practical expedient and an accounting policy election related to the estimation of expected credit losses for current accounts receivable and current contract assets. ASU 2025-05 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2025. The Company does not expect this standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

The Company continues to monitor new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB and does not believe any accounting pronouncements issued through the date of this report will have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

NOTE 3. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Investments

The following tables summarize the Company’s cash and available-for-sale debt securities’ amortized cost, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses, allowance for credit loss, and fair value by significant investment category reported as cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, or long-term investments as of December 31, 2025, and 2024 (in millions):

The following table summarizes the contractual maturities of the Company’s cash equivalents and available-for-sale debt securities (excluding money market funds), as of December 31, 2025 (in millions):

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities, because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. Gross realized gains and losses recognized on the sale of investments were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024.

The following tables present the breakdown of the available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses as of December 31, 2025, and 2024 (in millions):

The current unrealized losses on the Company’s available-for-sale debt securities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. As of December 31, 2025, the Company does not intend to sell the investments in unrealized loss positions, and it is not more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell any of the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Therefore, the Company does not expect to realize any losses on these available-for-sale debt securities. Additional factors considered in determining the treatment of unrealized losses include the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to the credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security.

Equity Investments

The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments (in millions):

During 2025, the Company did not hold any equity investments with readily determinable fair values.

During 2025, for equity investments without readily determinable fair value, the Company recognized a net decrease in fair value of $ 2.0 million primarily due to impairments and net decreases in observable price changes for certain equity investments, partially offset by a gain from the sale of an equity investment, which were reflected in interest and other income, net.

Foreign Currency Derivatives

The objective of the Company’s hedging program is to mitigate the impact of changes in currency exchange rates on net cash flow from foreign currency-denominated sales, expenses, intercompany balances, and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (“USD”). The terms of the Company’s derivative contracts are generally thirteen months or shorter. The derivative assets and liabilities are measured using Level 2 fair value inputs.

Cash Flow Hedges. The Company enters into currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the USD, primarily the Euro (“EUR”), the British Pound (“GBP”),

the Japanese Yen (“JPY”), the Korean Won (“KRW”), the New Taiwan Dollar (“TWD”), the Canadian Dollar (“CAD”), and the Indian Rupee (“INR”). The Company also enters into currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted expense transactions denominated in EUR and the Swiss Franc (“CHF”).

For these derivatives, the Company reports the unrealized after-tax gain or loss from the hedge as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity and reclassifies the amount into earnings in the same period in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The amounts reclassified to revenue and expenses related to the hedged transactions and the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges were not material for the periods presented.

Other Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments. Other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of forward contracts that the Company uses to hedge intercompany balances and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the USD, primarily the EUR, GBP, JPY, KRW, CHF, TWD, INR, and the Chinese Yuan (“CNY”).

These derivative instruments are used to hedge against balance sheet foreign currency exposures. The related gains and losses were as follows (in millions):

The notional amounts for derivative instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume. Total gross notional amounts (in USD) for outstanding derivatives and the aggregate gross fair value at the end of each period were as follows (in millions):

NOTE 4. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT DETAILS

Balance Sheet Details

The following tables provide details of selected consolidated financial statement items (in millions):

Supplemental Cash Flow Information

The following table provides details of income taxes paid and supplemental non-cash investing and financing activities (in millions):

Restricted Cash

The following table provides details of total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as of the periods presented (in millions):

NOTE 5. REVENUE

Revenue from external customers is attributed to individual countries based on customer location. The following table presents revenue disaggregated by geography and type (in millions):

Remaining Performance Obligations

The transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations relates to amounts allocated to products and services for which revenue has not yet been recognized. A significant portion of these performance obligations relate to service obligations in the Company’s system sale and lease arrangements that will be satisfied and recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations was $ 3.0 billion as of December 31, 2025. The remaining performance obligations are expected to be satisfied over the term of the system sale, lease, and service arrangements. Approximately half of the remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognized in the next 12 months with the remainder recognized thereafter over the term of the system sale, lease, and service arrangements, which are generally up to 5 years.

Contract Assets and Liabilities

The following information summarizes the Company’s contract assets and liabilities (in millions):

Contract assets for the periods presented primarily represent the difference between the revenue that was recognized based on the relative standalone selling price of the related performance obligations satisfied and the contractual billing terms in the arrangements. The Company did not have significant impairment losses on its contract assets for any of the periods presented.

The Company invoices its customers based on the billing schedules in its sales arrangements. Payments are generally due 30 to 60 days from the date of invoice.

Deferred revenue for the periods presented primarily relates to service contracts where the service fees are billed up-front, generally quarterly or annually, prior to those services having been performed. The associated deferred revenue is generally recognized over the term of the service period.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized $ 459 million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized $ 422 million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2023.

Intuitive System Leasing

The following table presents product revenue from Intuitive System Leasing arrangements (in millions):

NOTE 6. LEASES

Lessor Information related to Intuitive System Leasing

Sales-type Leases. Lease receivables relating to sales-type lease arrangements are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in millions):

Contractual maturities of gross lease receivables as of December 31, 2025, are as follows (in millions):

Operating Leases. The Company’s fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease terms are generally less than seven years . Future lease payments (excluding non-lease elements and contingent payments related to usage-based arrangements) related to the non-cancellable portion of operating leases as of December 31, 2025, are as follows (in millions):

Lessee Information

The Company enters into operating leases primarily for real estate, automobiles, and certain equipment. Operating lease expense was $ 40.9 million, $ 33.9 million, and $ 26.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. For leases with terms of 12 months or less, the related expense was immaterial for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023.

Supplemental cash flow information for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 related to operating leases was as follows (in millions):

Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases, as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, was as follows (in millions, except lease term and discount rate):

As of December 31, 2025, the future payments related to the Company’s operating lease liabilities are scheduled as follows (in millions):

NOTE 7. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Acquisitions

In November 2025, Intuitive acquired a company that develops integrated robotics and artificial intelligence solutions to improve the accuracy, efficiency, and accessibility of tissue assessment during biopsy procedures at the point of care. The total purchase consideration for the acquisition was not material.

There were no material acquisitions in 2024 or 2023.

Pending Acquisitions

On January 21, 2025, the Company announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with the current Intuitive technology distributors ab medica, Abex, Excelencia Robotica, and their affiliates to acquire the da Vinci and Ion distribution businesses in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Malta, and San Marino, and associated territories. The transaction consists of an upfront cash payment of approximately € 319 million, subject to certain closing adjustments. The Company expects to complete the transaction in the first half of 2026, subject to applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.

Goodwill

The following table summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill (in millions):

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test and determined that no impairment existed. As of December 31, 2025, there has been no impairment of goodwill.

Intangible Assets

The following table summarizes the components of gross intangible asset, accumulated amortization, and net intangible asset balances as of December 31, 2025, and 2024 (in millions):

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $ 13.2 million, $ 16.7 million, and $ 20.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

The estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets as of December 31, 2025, is as follows (in millions):

The preceding expected amortization expense is an estimate. Actual amounts of amortization expense may differ from estimated amounts due to additional intangible asset acquisitions, measurement period adjustments to intangible assets, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, impairments of intangible assets, accelerated amortization of intangible assets, and other events.

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Commitments

As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s commitments include an estimated amount of approximately $ 2.53 billion relating to the Company’s open purchase orders and contractual obligations that occur in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for which the Company has not received the goods or services, commitments for capital expenditures and construction-related activities for which the Company has not received the services, and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow the Company the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust its requirements based on its business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. Additionally, the Company has committed to making certain future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, and development arrangements. Payments under these arrangements generally become due and payable only upon the achievement of certain specified developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial milestones. For instances in which the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies are not included in the estimated amount.

Contingencies

From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings relating to securities laws, product liability, intellectual property, commercial, insurance, contract disputes, employment, and other matters. Certain of these lawsuits and claims are described in further detail below. It is not possible to predict what the outcome of these matters will be, and the Company cannot guarantee that any resolution will be reached on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

A liability and related charge to earnings are recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The assessment is re-evaluated each

accounting period and is based on all available information, including the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to each case. Nevertheless, it is possible that additional future legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs) could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, or future results of operations.

Product Liability Litigation

The Company is currently named as a defendant in a number of individual product liability lawsuits filed in various state and federal courts. The plaintiffs generally allege that they or a family member underwent surgical procedures that utilized the da Vinci surgical system and sustained a variety of personal injuries and, in some cases, death as a result of such surgery.

The cases raise a variety of allegations including, to varying degrees, that plaintiffs’ injuries resulted from purported defects in the da Vinci surgical system and/or failure on the Company’s part to provide adequate training resources to the healthcare professionals who performed plaintiffs’ surgeries. The cases further allege that the Company failed to adequately disclose and/or misrepresented the potential risks and/or benefits of the da Vinci surgical system. Plaintiffs also assert a variety of causes of action, including, for example, strict liability based on purported design defects, negligence, fraud, breach of express and implied warranties, unjust enrichment, and loss of consortium. Plaintiffs seek recovery for alleged personal injuries and, in many cases, punitive damages. The Company disputes these allegations and is defending against these claims.

The Company’s estimate of the anticipated cost of resolving the pending cases is based on negotiations with attorneys for the claimants. The final outcome of the pending lawsuits and claims, and others that might arise, is dependent on many variables that are difficult to predict, and the ultimate cost associated with these product liability lawsuits and claims may be materially different than the amount of the current estimate and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, or future results of operations. Although there is a reasonable possibility that a loss in excess of the amount recognized exists, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount recognized at this time.

Commercial Litigation

On May 10, 2021, Surgical Instrument Service Company, Inc. (“SIS”) filed a complaint in the Northern District of California Court alleging antitrust claims against the Company relating to EndoWrist service, maintenance, and repair processes. The Court granted in part and denied in part the Company’s Motion to Dismiss, and discovery commenced. The Company filed an answer denying the antitrust allegations and filed counterclaims against SIS. The counterclaims allege that SIS violated the Federal Lanham Act, California’s Unfair Competition Law, and California’s False Advertising Law and that SIS is also liable to the Company for Unfair Competition and Tortious Interference with Contract. The parties filed summary judgment motions, and the Court held a hearing on these motions on September 7, 2023.

On March 31, 2024, the Court granted-in-part and denied-in-part both Intuitive’s and plaintiff’s motions for summary judgment. Trial in this matter commenced on January 6, 2025. On January 28, 2025, after the close of both plaintiff’s and Intuitive’s cases in chief, the Court found in Intuitive’s favor on all of SIS’s antitrust claims and stayed Intuitive’s counterclaims. On February 27, 2025, SIS filed a Notice of Appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. SIS filed its brief on July 23, 2025. The Company filed its response brief on October 29, 2025. SIS filed its reply brief on December 26, 2025. It is anticipated that oral argument will occur in April or May 2026. Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter.

Three class action complaints were filed against the Company in the Northern District of California Court alleging antitrust allegations relating to the service and repair of certain instruments manufactured by the Company. A complaint by Larkin Community Hospital was filed on May 20, 2021, a complaint by Franciscan Alliance, Inc. and King County Public Hospital District No. 1 was filed on July 6, 2021, and a complaint by Kaleida Health was filed on July 8, 2021. The Court has consolidated the Franciscan Alliance, Inc. and King County Public Hospital District No. 1 and Kaleida Health cases with the Larkin Community Hospital case, which is now captioned on the Larkin docket as “In Re: da Vinci Surgical Robot Antitrust Litigation.” A Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint has been filed on behalf of each plaintiff named in the earlier-filed cases. On January 14, 2022, Kaleida Health voluntarily dismissed itself as a party to this case. On January 18, 2022, the Company filed an answer against the plaintiffs in this matter, and discovery has commenced.

With regard to this class action case, on September 7, 2023, the Court heard argument on the parties’ respective motions for summary judgment and motions related to expert testimony. On March 31, 2024, the Court granted-in-part and denied-in-part plaintiffs’ motion for summary judgment on certain market definition issues, and denied Intuitive’s motion on the antitrust claims. In denying Intuitive’s motion, the Court declined to decide whether third-party companies were required to obtain 510(k) clearance for their services with respect to EndoWrist instruments, and in the absence of a formal ruling from the FDA on that question denied Intuitive’s motion for summary judgment challenging plaintiffs’ standing on that ground. There were additional rulings on the expert witness issues as well. In the summary judgment order, the Court ruled with plaintiffs that the da Vinci robot and EndoWrist instruments occupy separate product markets for antitrust purposes. The Court also ruled that

there is an antitrust aftermarket for the repair and replacement of EndoWrist instruments, and that Intuitive holds monopoly power in that aftermarket. The Court denied summary judgment for plaintiffs on the issue of whether soft-tissue surgical robots constitute a relevant antitrust market or are part of a larger market that includes laparoscopic and open surgery for antitrust purposes. On July 30, 2024, the Court granted Intuitive’s motion for reconsideration, vacating those portions of the Court’s March 31, 2024 Order granting summary judgment as to the definition of a U.S. market for EndoWrist instrument repair and replacement and Intuitive’s market power in such a market. On March 31, 2025, the Court granted plaintiff’s motion for class certification. No trial date has been scheduled for this matter. Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter.

On September 18, 2024, Restore Robotics Repairs (“Restore”) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida alleging antitrust claims against the Company relating to the service and replacement of X/Xi EndoWrist instruments for use with the da Vinci X and Xi surgical systems. On December 9, 2024, Intuitive filed a motion to dismiss to which plaintiff responded by amending its complaint. Intuitive filed a motion to dismiss the first amended complaint on January 31, 2025. Plaintiff filed an opposition to Intuitive’s motion to dismiss on February 14, 2025, and Intuitive filed a reply on March 26, 2025. On November 7, 2025, the Court entered an Order granting Intuitive’s motion to dismiss. Plaintiff filed its notice of appeal to the 11 th Circuit Court of Appeals on November 29, 2025. Restore’s initial brief is due February 11, 2026. Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of loss or range of losses, if any, arising from this matter.

NOTE 9. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Stock Repurchase Program

Through December 31, 2025, the Board has authorized an aggregate of $ 13.0 billion of funding for the Company’s common stock Repurchase Program since its establishment in March 2009. The most recent authorization occurred in May 2025, when the Board increased the authorized amount available under the Repurchase Program to $ 4.0 billion, including amounts remaining under previous authorization. As of December 31, 2025, the remaining amount of share repurchases authorized by the Board under the Repurchase Program was approximately $ 1.7 billion.

The Company uses the par value method of accounting for its stock repurchases. As a result of share repurchase activities during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company reduced common stock and additional paid-in capital by an aggregate of $ 63 million, zero , and $ 19 million, respectively, and charged $ 2.2 billion, zero , and $ 0.4 billion, respectively, to retained earnings.

The Company is subject to an excise tax on corporate stock repurchases, which is assessed as one percent of the fair market value of net stock repurchases. As of December 31, 2025, excise tax of $ 5.6 million was accrued for shares repurchased in 2025.

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc.

The components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. are as follows (in millions):

The tax impacts for amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications were as follows (in millions):

The tax impacts for amounts recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications for hedge instruments, foreign currency translation gains (losses), and employee benefit plans in 2025 and 2024 were not material to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. The tax impacts for amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss relating to hedge instruments, available-for-sale securities, foreign currency translation gains (losses), and employee benefit plans in 2025 and 2024 were not material to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

NOTE 10. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

Stock Plans

2010 Incentive Award Plan. In April 2010, the Company’s stockholders approved the 2010 Incentive Award Plan (“2010 Plan”). Under this plan, the Company can issue RSUs, nonqualified stock options (“NSOs”), and PSUs to employees, non-employee directors, and consultants. Equity awards granted to employees and non-employee directors include a mix of RSUs, stock options, and, as applicable, PSUs. The 2010 Plan generally permits NSOs to be granted at no less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Prior to 2022, NSOs were granted with terms of 10 years from the date of the grant. In January 2022, the Company changed the term of its new NSO grants to 7 years from the date of the grant. In May 2025, the Company’s shareholders approved an amended and restated 2010 Incentive Award Plan to provide for an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder from 115,350,000 to 120,350,000 . The 2010 Plan expires in 2035.

As of December 31, 2025, approximately 22.1 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the 2010 Plan. A maximum of approximately 9.6 million of these shares can be awarded as RSUs.

2009 Employment Commencement Incentive Plan. In October 2009, the Board adopted the 2009 Employment Commencement Incentive Plan (“New Hire Plan”). In April 2015, the Board of Directors amended and restated the New Hire Plan to provide for an increase in the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the New Hire Plan from 10,395,000 to 13,095,000 . The New Hire Plan expired in October 2019 and, therefore, there are no shares reserved for future grants under the New Hire Plan. However, awards granted prior to the plan’s expiration continue to remain outstanding until their original expiration date.

The New Hire Plan provided for the shares to be used exclusively for the grant of RSUs and NSOs to new employees (“New Hire Options”), who were not previously employees or non-employee directors of the Company. Prior to expiration of the plan, options were granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant with a term not to exceed 10 years.

Restricted Stock Units. The RSUs granted to employees vest in one-fourth increments annually over a four-year period. The RSUs granted to existing non-employee directors vest one year from the date of grant or at the next Annual Shareholders Meeting, whichever comes first. New non-employee directors receive pro-rated RSU grants that vest on the same term as the annual RSU grants. The number of shares issued on the date the RSUs vest is net of the minimum statutory tax withholdings, which are paid in cash to the appropriate taxing authorities on behalf of the Company’s employees.

Nonqualified Stock Options. From 2020 to 2022, annual NSO grants were made to employees on the last business day of February and on the same date in August or, if that date is not a business day, the next business day. In 2023, the Company changed the timing of its bi-annual NSO grants to the last trading day of February and August 10 or, if that date is not a trading day, the next trading day.

The February NSO grants vest 1/8 upon completion of 6 months of service and 1/48 per month thereafter for all grants prior to 2023 and vest 1/8 on August 10 and 1/48 per month thereafter for grants in 2023. All August NSO grants vest 7/48 at the end of one month and 1/48 per month thereafter through a 3.5-year vesting period. NSOs granted to new hires generally vest 1/4 upon completion of one year of service and 1/48 per month thereafter. NSOs granted to existing non-employee directors vest one year from the date of grant or at the next Annual Shareholders Meeting, whichever comes first. Option vesting terms are determined by the Board and, in the future, may vary from past practices.

Performance Stock Units. The PSUs granted to officers and other key employees are subject to three-year cliff vesting and pre-established, quantitative goals. Whether any PSUs vest, and the amount that do vest, is tied to completion of service over three years and the achievement of three equally-weighted, quantitative goals that directly align with or help drive the Company’s strategy and long-term total shareholder return.

2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Stock Option Plan. In March 2000, the Board adopted the 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Stock Option Plan (the “Directors’ Plan”). In October 2009, the automatic evergreen increase provisions were eliminated so that no further automatic increases would be made to the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Directors’ Plan. In addition, the common stock authorized for issuance under the Directors’ Plan was reduced to 1,350,000 . The Directors’ Plan was terminated in November 2020 and, therefore, there are no shares reserved for future grants under the Directors’ Plan. However, options granted prior to the plan’s termination continue to remain outstanding until their original expiration date. Prior to termination, options were granted at an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant with a term not to exceed 10 years. Prior to 2016, initial stock option grants to new non-employee directors vested over a three-year period with 1/3 of the shares vesting after one year from the date of grant and 1/36 of the shares vesting monthly thereafter. Annual stock option grants vested one year from the date of the grant. From 2016 until termination of the Directors’ Plan, new non-employee directors received pro-rated stock option grants that vested on the same term as the annual stock option grants.

2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In March 2000, the Board adopted the ESPP. Employees are generally eligible to participate in the ESPP if they are customarily employed by the Company for more than 20 hours per week and more than 5 months in a calendar year and are not 5 % stockholders of the Company. Under the ESPP, eligible employees may select a rate of payroll deduction up to 15 % of their eligible compensation subject to certain maximum purchase limitations. The duration for each offering period is 24 months and is divided into four purchase periods of approximately six months in length. Offerings are concurrent. The purchase price of the shares under the offering is the lesser of 85 % of the fair market value of the shares on the offering date or 85 % of the fair market value of the shares on the purchase date. A two-year look-back feature in the ESPP causes the offering period to reset if the fair value of the Company’s common stock on the first or last day of the purchase period is less than that on the original offering date. ESPP purchases by employees are settled with newly-issued common stock from the ESPP’s previously authorized and available pool of shares. In April 2024, the Company’s stockholders approved an amended and restated ESPP to provide for an increase in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance

from 22,770,945 to 26,770,945 . As of December 31, 2025, there were approximately 4.9 million share s reserved for future issuance under the ESPP.

Restricted Stock Units

RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2025, was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):

As of December 31, 2025, 4.4 million shares underlying RSUs were expected to vest with an aggregate intrinsic value of $ 2.49 billion. The aggregate vesting date fair value of RSUs vested, excluding PSUs vested, was $ 1.09 billion, $ 0.73 billion , and $ 0.45 billion during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Stock Options

NSO activity for the year ended December 31, 2025, was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised under the Company’s stock plans determined as of the date of option exercise was $ 640 million, $ 789 million, and $ 476 million during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Cash received from stock option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, was $ 223 million, $ 315 million, and $ 192 million, respectively. The income tax benefit from stock options exercised was $ 141 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The following table summarizes significant ranges of outstanding and exercisable options as of December 31, 2025 (number of shares and aggregate intrinsic value in millions):

(1) The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on the Company’s closing stock price of $ 566.36 as of December 31, 2025, which would have been received by the option holders had all in-the-money option holders exercised their options as of that date.

As of December 31, 2025, a total of 5.4 million shares underlying stock options vested and expected to vest had a weighted-average remaining contractual life of 3.5 years, an aggregate intrinsic value of $ 1.94 billion, and a weighted-average exercise price per share of $ 208.02 .

Performance Stock Units

As of December 31, 2025, the Company has three types of active PSU awards: the 2025 PSU awards, the 2024 PSU awards, and the 2023 PSU awards. The 2025 PSU award metrics are focused on relative average adjusted operating margin percentage over the performance period compared to a peer group, da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2026 compared to 2024, and da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2027 compared to 2024. The 2024 PSU award metrics are focused on relative total shareholder return (“TSR”), da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2025 compared to 2023, and da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2026 compared to 2023. The 2023 PSU award metrics are focused on relative TSR, da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2024 compared to 2022, and da Vinci and Ion procedure growth in 2025 compared to 2022.

The TSR metric is considered a market condition, and the expense is determined at the grant date. The procedure growth and relative average adjusted operating margin percentage metrics are considered performance conditions, and the expense is recorded based on the forecasted performance, which is reassessed each reporting period based on the probability of achieving the performance conditions. The number of shares earned at the end of the three-year period will vary, based on actual performance, from 0 % to 125 % of the target number of PSUs granted. PSUs are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to the vesting date. PSUs are not considered issued or outstanding shares of the Company.

The Company calculates the fair value for each component of the PSUs individually. The fair value for the component with the TSR metric was determined using Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value per share for the components with the procedure growth and relative average adjusted operating margin percentage metrics is equal to the closing stock price on the grant date.

PSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2025, was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):

As of December 31, 2025, 0.3 million shares underlying PSUs were expected to vest with an aggregate intrinsic value of $ 175 million. The aggregate vesting date fair value of PSUs vested was $ 46 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 and $ 4 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. No PSUs vested in 2023.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Under the ESPP, employees purchased approximately 0.4 million , 0.6 million, and 0.5 million shares , representing a pproximately $ 130 million , $ 115 million , and $ 105 million in employee contributions for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Share-Based Compensation Expense

The following table summarizes share-based compensation expense (in millions):

During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, stock-based compensation expense capitalized to our Consolidated Balance Sheets was $ 126.8 million, $ 98.9 million, and $ 84.3 million, respectively.

The Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model is used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under the Company’s share-based compensation plans and the rights to acquire stock granted under the ESPP. The weighted-average estimated fair values of stock options and the rights to acquire stock under the ESPP, as well as the weighted-average

assumptions used in calculating the fair values of stock options and the rights to acquire stock under the ESPP that were granted during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, were as follows:

As share-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it has been reduced for estimated forfeitures.

As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 1.25 billion, $ 28 million, $ 53 million, and $ 38 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, unvested stock options, unvested PSUs, and rights granted to acquire common stock under the ESPP, respectively. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.2 years for unvested RSUs, 1.0 year for unvested stock options, 1.0 year for unvested PSUs, and 1.0 year for rights granted to acquire common stock under the ESPP.

NOTE 11. INCOME TAXES

Income before provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, consisted of the following (in millions):

The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, consisted of the following (in millions):

On July 4, 2025, OBBBA was enacted, introducing amendments to U.S. tax laws with various effective dates from 2025 to 2027. The changes introduced by OBBBA did not have a material impact on the Company’s effective tax rate for 2025.

The Company’s provision for income taxes for 2023 reflected Swiss tax benefits of $ 92.3 million, net of a $ 67.3 million valuation allowance, related to certain tax assets recorded by our Swiss entity. In addition, a one-time net benefit of $ 67.1 million was recorded from the re-measurement of the Company’s Swiss deferred tax assets resulting from the Swiss cantonal tax rate increase enacted in December 2023 for years after 2024 as well as a Swiss cantonal tax rate increase from the discontinuation of the Company’s 2017 Swiss tax ruling, which was deemed effective as of January 1, 2023.

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to the Company’s effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025, subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2023-09, including the amount and percentage of income before taxes, was as follows (dollars in millions):

(1) State and local taxes in New York, Illinois, New Jersey, Minnesota, Texas, and Michigan made up greater than 50% of the tax effect in this category.

A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company’s effective rate for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09, was as follows (dollars in millions):

Deferred income taxes reflect tax carryforwards and the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 85.4 million of federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, certain of which will expire starting in 2026 if not utilized. Utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations. The Company does not expect the limitations to result in any permanent loss of these tax benefits. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 84.1 million of Swiss tax credit carryforwards, which will expire in 2028. As of

December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 395.0 million of California research and development credit carryforwards, which do not expire, and $ 4.4 million of other state research and development credit carryforwards, which begin to expire in 2030.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had a valuation allowance of $ 361.5 million, primarily related to California deferred tax assets and certain Swiss deferred tax assets, for which the Company does not believe a tax benefit is more likely than not to be realized. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had a valuation allowance of $ 314.8 million, primarily related to California deferred tax assets and Swiss deferred tax assets, for which the Company does not believe a tax benefit is more likely than not to be realized. The increase in the valuation allowance during 2025 is primarily related to California research and development credits. These valuation allowances would result in a reduction to the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income if they are ultimately not necessary.

The Company intends to repatriate earnings from its Swiss and Dutch subsidiaries and joint venture in Hong Kong, as needed, and the U.S. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. The Company will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of its foreign subsidiaries and does not expect the tax implications of repatriating these earnings to be significant.

Income taxes paid, net of refunds, during the periods presented were as follows (in millions):

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of gross unrecognized income tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, are as follows (in millions):

As of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, gross interest related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued was $ 21.8 million, $ 37.0 million, and $ 31.2 million, respectively. Total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2025, were $ 286.1 million, of which $ 175.3 million, if recognized, would have an impact on the Company’s effective tax rate.

The Company files federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the U.S. and OUS. Years before 2020 are considered closed for significant jurisdictions. Certain of the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits could change due to activities of various tax authorities, including evolving interpretations of existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates, potential assessment of additional tax, possible settlement of audits, or through normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect the Company’s effective tax rate in the period in which they change.

The Company is subject to the examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. The Company’s management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of the Company’s provision for income taxes. If any issues addressed in the Company’s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.

NOTE 12. NET INCOME PER SHARE

The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (in millions, except per share amounts):

Share-based compensation awards of approximately 1.0 million, 0.2 million, and 1.9 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, were outstanding but were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share attributable to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. common stockholders, because the effect of including such shares would have been anti-dilutive in the periods presented.

NOTE 13. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Intuitive is committed to advancing minimally invasive care through a comprehensive ecosystem of products and services. This connected ecosystem includes systems, instruments and accessories, learning, and services connected by a digital portfolio that enables actionable digital insights across the care continuum. The systems, as well as the instruments and accessories, are primarily developed and manufactured by the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, domestic revenue accounted for 68 %, 67 % and 66 %, respectively, of total revenue, while revenue from the Company’s OUS markets accounted for 32 %, 33 % and 34 %, respectively, of total revenue. The Company manages the business activities on a consolidated basis and operates in one reportable segment.

The Company’s Chief Executive Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM utilizes the Company’s long-range plan, which includes product development roadmaps and long-range financial models, as a key input to resource allocation. The CODM makes decisions on resource allocation, assesses performance of the business, and monitors budget versus actual results using income from operations. Net income is also a measure that is considered in monitoring budget versus actual results.

Significant expenses within income from operations, as well as within net income, include cost of revenue, research and development, and selling, general and administrative expenses, which are each separately presented on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Other segment items within net income include interest and other income, net, and income tax expense.

The Company’s long-lived assets consist primarily of property, plant, and equipment, net. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, 80 % and 83 %, respectively, of long-lived assets were in the U.S. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, no individual country other than the U.S. accounted for 10% or more of these assets.

NOTE 14. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The Company sponsors various retirement plans for its eligible U.S. and non-U.S. employees. For employees in the U.S., the Company maintains the Intuitive Surgical, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the “Plan”). As allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Plan provides tax-deferred salary contributions for eligible U.S. employees. The Plan allows employees to contribute up to 100 % of their annual compensation to the Plan on a pre-tax and/or after-tax basis. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Code. The Company matches 200 % of employee contributions up to $ 2,000 per calendar year per person. All matching employer contributions vest immediately.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls

Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our assessment under the framework in the Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Rule 10b5-1 Plans

On November 17, 2025 , Brian E. Miller, Ph.D. , the Company’s Head of Digital and AI Strategy , adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. Dr. Miller’s trading plan provides for the potential sale of up to 35,344 shares of the Company’s common stock, including the potential exercise and sale of up to 11,722 shares of the Company’s common stock subject to stock options, until December 15, 2026 . This trading plan was entered into during an open insider trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Company’s policies regarding transactions in the Company’s securities.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

PART III

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our next Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), which we intend to file pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, within 120 days after December 31, 2025.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information required by this item concerning our directors and corporate governance is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled “Directors and Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement. Information required by this item concerning our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section entitled “Executive Officers of the Company” in our Proxy Statement. Information regarding our Section 16 reporting compliance and code of business conduct and ethics is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” in our Proxy Statement.

We have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, and employees that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this Annual Report.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled “Executive Compensation” and “Compensation for Directors” in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2025.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by this item regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the sections titled “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Directors and Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by this item regarding principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in the section titled “Principal Accountant Fees and Services” in our Proxy Statement.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

1) Financial Statements—See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 of this report on Form 10-K.

2) All schedules have been omitted, because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information requested is set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes thereto.

3) Exhibits

The exhibits filed as part of this report are listed under “Exhibits” at subsection (b) of this Item 15.

(b) Exhibits

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Power of Attorney

Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints David Rosa and Jamie Samath, and each of them, with full power of substitution and re-substitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place, and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10‐K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
