ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.

We refer to our fiscal years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 as “2025,” “2024,” and “2023,” respectively. Unless the context requires otherwise, we are referring to Intuitive Surgical, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries when we use the terms “Intuitive,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us.”

This section of the Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 that are not included in this report on Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

Overview

Open surgery remains a prevalent form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery, where MIS is available. For over four decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. MIS has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures.

Da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional MIS. Surgeons using a da Vinci surgical system operate while seated at a console viewing a 3D, high-definition image of the surgical field. This immersive console connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. While seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to open surgical technique. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon’s hand. In designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.

Our da Vinci products fall into five broad categories: da Vinci surgical systems, da Vinci instruments and accessories, da Vinci stapling, da Vinci energy, and da Vinci vision. We provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. Digitally enabled for nearly three decades, these three offerings aim to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. Our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. Our learning category includes learning and enabling technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. We have a global network of field service engineers and distributors through which we deliver a suite of services, including installation, repair, maintenance, around-the-clock technical support, and system monitoring. We also offer customized analytics and consultation to hospitals for program optimization.

We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, the fourth-generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014, and the fifth-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system in 2024. We extended our fourth-generation platform by adding the da Vinci X surgical system, commercialized in 2017 and targeted at more cost-sensitive markets.

In March 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for our da Vinci 5 surgical system, our next-generation multi-port robotic system, for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac and pediatric indications. In October 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in South Korea for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in urologic, general, gynecologic, thoracoscopic, thoracoscopically-assisted cardiotomy, and transoral otolaryngology surgical procedures. In June 2025, we obtained regulatory clearance in Japan for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac indications. In July 2025, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for adult and pediatric use in minimally invasive endoscopic procedures across abdominopelvic and thoracoscopic surgical procedures, including urologic, gynecologic, and general laparoscopic procedures, excluding the use of force feedback. We intend to seek European certification for the use of force feedback in the future. In our OUS markets, we are in the midst of a phased launch of our da Vinci 5 surgical system over several quarters. As of December 31, 2025, we have an installed base of 1,231 da Vinci 5 surgical systems.

Additionally, we extended our fourth-generation platform by adding the da Vinci SP surgical system, commercialized in 2018. The da Vinci SP surgical system accesses the body through a single incision, while the other da Vinci surgical systems access the body through multiple incisions. All da Vinci surgical systems include a surgeon’s console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software.

We are in the early stages of launching our da Vinci SP surgical system, and we have an installed base of 377 da Vinci SP surgical systems as of December 31, 2025. We have received FDA clearance for the da Vinci SP surgical system for urologic, colorectal, general thoracoscopic, and certain transoral procedures. Additionally, the da Vinci SP surgical system has received regulatory clearance in South Korea for a broad set of procedures. The da Vinci SP surgical system has also received regulatory clearance in Japan for the same set of procedures that are currently allowed with the da Vinci Xi surgical system in Japan. In January 2024, the da Vinci SP surgical system received European certification in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/745 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices (the “EU MDR”) for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, and breast surgical procedures, and we are commercializing the da Vinci SP surgical system in select major European countries as part of a measured rollout strategy. In August 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in Taiwan for our da Vinci SP surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, transanal total mesorectal excision, and breast surgical procedures. We plan to seek FDA clearances for additional indications for the da Vinci SP surgical system and expand the system’s regulatory approvals (including for additional indications) in other OUS markets over time. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances.

We offer approximately 70 different multi-port da Vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. These multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors (tips) that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. We offer advanced instrumentation for the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems, including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. The da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems generally share the same instruments, whereas the da Vinci Si surgical system uses instruments that are not compatible with the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi systems. Additionally, we have introduced a unique set of force feedback instruments that are only compatible with our da Vinci 5 surgical system. We also currently offer 14 core instruments on our da Vinci SP surgical system. We plan to expand our da Vinci SP instrument offering over time.

Our learning and enabling technology offerings facilitate access to education and training on our products. Our enabling technologies include telepresence and Advanced Insights Suite (which includes Case Insights and Insights Engine), and our learning technology solutions include Intuitive Learning, SimNow, customized training models, remote case observations, and remote proctoring.

In 2019, we commercialized our Ion endoluminal system, which is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform that utilizes instruments and accessories for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. Our Ion system extends our commercial offering beyond surgery into diagnostic, endoluminal procedures. The system features an ultra-thin, ultra-maneuverable catheter that can articulate 180 degrees in all directions and allows navigation far into the peripheral lung and provides the stability necessary for precision in a biopsy. Many suspicious lesions found in the lung may be small and difficult to access, which can make diagnosis challenging, and Ion helps physicians obtain tissue samples from deep within the lung, which could help enable earlier diagnosis. Our Ion endoluminal system has received FDA clearance, and OUS regulatory clearances include European certification in accordance with the EU MDR, regulatory clearance in South Korea, and NMPA regulatory clearance in China. We plan to seek additional clearances, approvals, and certifications for our Ion endoluminal system in OUS markets over time.

The success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, geographic market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.

Trade and Tariffs Update

Beginning in 2025, the U.S. implemented a baseline tariff framework on most imports with higher country- and product-specific rates for certain trading partners, including Mexico, Germany, and China, among others, alongside reciprocal measures announced by other jurisdictions. Our disclosure reflects tariffs currently in effect or announced as of the date of this report and assumes such tariffs remain in place, consistent with how we reflect tariff impacts in our financial outlook. We currently manufacture a significant majority of our instruments and accessories in Mexicali, Mexico. Most of these products qualify as originating under the USMCA and, therefore, have not been subject to U.S. import tariffs to date. We also import certain raw materials and finished goods from outside of the U.S. that are subject to tariffs, including our endoscopes, a majority of which are manufactured in Germany. In addition, our operations involve importing certain raw materials from China, importing sub-assemblies to support our local da Vinci Xi surgical system manufacturing in China, and selling U.S.-manufactured da Vinci Xi

surgical systems into China. These imports into the U.S. and China are subject to tariffs, which we expect to continue to have an adverse impact on the product cost of our da Vinci Xi surgical system in China.

Some of our suppliers have also incurred incremental tariffs and have passed or may pass on those additional costs to us. These pass-through tariffs and other specific tariff actions against steel and aluminum, critical minerals, semiconductors, and other products have not had a material direct impact on our operations to date, but the long-term effect of these and other existing and future tariff actions is difficult to predict.

U.S. tariffs have also given rise to trade measures by other countries, including additional restrictions on certain exports. These trade measures could impact the reliability and efficiency of our supply chain if they are imposed on materials important to our production operations. In particular, restrictions on the export of rare earth elements, including magnets, and critical minerals from China could potentially restrict access to components used in many of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

In 2025, tariffs and other trade measures have increased our cost of revenues by approximately $63.0 million. Based on the announced and implemented global tariffs as of the date of this report, and assuming such tariffs remain in place, we expect our cost of revenues driven by tariffs and other trade measures to continue to increase in 2026. Future changes to tariff rates and the imposition of new tariffs by the U.S. and/or other countries could result in a material impact to our results of operations. The ultimate impact of changes to tariffs and trade barriers will depend on various factors, including the timing, amount, scope, and nature of any tariffs or trade barriers that are implemented, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Remanufactured Instruments

Third parties have offered, and may continue to offer, instruments that have been modified to support the use of some of our limited-use instruments beyond their labeled life. We are aware that the FDA has granted 510(k) clearance for the remanufacturing of certain of these instruments for use with our da Vinci Si, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems. To date, such offerings have not had a material impact on our revenues, but such activities could result in reduced revenue if these products have broader uptake as well as generate negative publicity for us if these products cause injuries and/or do not function as intended when used. Both of these possibilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

For further details on remanufactured instruments, refer to the “Products & Services – Da Vinci – Instruments” section of our corporate website. The inclusion of a reference to our corporate website in this filing does not include or incorporate by reference the information on our website into this Form 10-K.

Other Macroeconomic Environment Factors

Our future results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by uncertainties surrounding macroeconomic and geopolitical factors both in the U.S. and globally. These uncertainties include any introduction or modification of tariffs or trade barriers, supply chain challenges, inflationary pressures, elevated interest rates, and disruptions in the commodity markets stemming from conflicts, such as those between Russia and Ukraine and conflicts in the Middle East.

During the fourth quarter of 2025, we continued to experience isolated stresses to supply, particularly for specific component materials impacted by evolving trade requirements and at certain subcontract suppliers that were operationally challenged to meet our production requirements. These isolated instances did not have a material impact on our business during the fourth quarter of 2025. As a result of the escalation in tariffs and country-specific trade requirements, including export license controls between major economies, we may experience tariff-related inflation in raw materials costs as well as supply shortages based on shipment delays and the availability of alternative sources of supply for critical materials used in the manufacture of finished products.

Elevated interest rates may also impact the ability of certain suppliers to fund necessary investments in capacity and infrastructure. Any insolvency of certain suppliers, including sole- and single-sourced suppliers, may present heightened continuity risks. Additionally, although incidents of cybersecurity breaches have not significantly impacted our supply chain to date, they continue to be actively monitored to protect supply continuity. We are actively engaged in activities that seek to mitigate the impact of any supply chain risks and disruptions on our operations.

Some hospitals continue to experience challenges with staffing and cost pressures that could affect their ability to provide patient care. Additionally, certain hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation have driven up operating costs and elevated interest rates have made access to credit more expensive. Hospitals may also be adversely affected by the liquidity concerns as a result of the broader macroeconomic environment. Any or all of these factors could negatively impact the number of da Vinci procedures performed or surgical systems placed and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Regulatory Activities

Overview

Our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international regulations and standards that govern the product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. Examples of such standards include electrical safety standards, such as those of the International Electrotechnical Commission, and composition standards, such as the Reduction of Hazardous Substances and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directives in the EU. Failure to meet these standards could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance with such standards.

Our products and operations are also subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by national, regional, federal, state, and local authorities. After a device is placed on the market, numerous FDA and comparable foreign regulatory requirements continue to apply. These requirements include establishment registration, potential quality system and manufacturing audits and inspections, and device listing with the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities and compliance with medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities if their device caused or contributed, or may have caused or contributed, to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur.

We anticipate that timelines for the introduction of new products and/or indications may be extended relative to past experience as a result of these regulations. For example, we have seen elongated regulatory approval timelines in the U.S. and Europe.

Clearances, Approvals, and Certifications

We have generally obtained the regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications required to market our products for our targeted surgical specialties within the U.S., South Korea, Japan, and the European markets in which we operate. We have additionally obtained regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications for the following products over the past several years:

Da Vinci Surgical Systems

Multi-port

• In January 2026, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci 5 surgical system in selected thoracoscopically-assisted cardiac surgical procedures using non-force feedback instruments, including mitral valve repair and replacement, tricuspid valve repair, IMA mobilization for cardiac revascularization, patent foramen ovale closure, atrial septal defect repair, left atrial appendage closure/occlusion, atrial myxoma excision, and epicardial pacing lead placement procedures.

• In September 2025, we obtained regulatory clearance in Japan for our Vessel Sealer Curved for use with our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems for grasping and blunt dissection of tissue, as well as bipolar coagulation and mechanical transection of blood vessels (veins and arteries) up to 7mm in diameter, lymphatic vessels, and tissue bundles that fit within the instrument’s jaws. In June 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for the same instrument.

• In July 2025, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our da Vinci 5 surgical system for adult and pediatric use in minimally invasive endoscopic procedures across abdominopelvic and thoracoscopic surgical procedures, including urologic, gynecologic, and general laparoscopic procedures, excluding the use of force feedback. We intend to seek European certification for the use of force feedback in the future. In June 2025, we obtained regulatory clearance in Japan for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac indications. In October 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in South Korea for the da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in urologic, general, gynecologic, thoracoscopic, thoracoscopically-assisted cardiotomy, and transoral otolaryngology surgical procedures. In March 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for our da Vinci 5 surgical system for use in all surgical specialties and procedures indicated for da Vinci Xi, except for cardiac and pediatric indications as well as one contraindication related to the use of force feedback in hysterectomy and myomectomy surgical procedures. In our OUS markets, we are early in the launch of our da Vinci 5 surgical system.

◦ In December 2024, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our E-200 generator. In July 2023, we received regulatory clearance for our E-200 generator in Japan and South Korea. In November 2022, we obtained FDA clearance for our E-200 generator. The E-200 generator can be used in da Vinci robotic procedures, as well as non-robotic open and laparoscopic procedures, to deliver high-frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues. The E-200 generator includes the same advanced energy capability as the E-100 generator and supports the same vessel sealing instruments.

◦ In September 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for our redesigned 8 mm SureForm 30 stapler and 8 mm SureForm 30 Curved-Tip stapler instruments and reloads for use with our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems in general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric surgical procedures. In April 2024, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our redesigned 8 mm SureForm 30 stapler and 8 mm SureForm 30 Curved-Tip stapler instruments and reloads for use in general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric surgical procedures.

◦ In August 2023, following approval by China’s NMPA for a local version of our da Vinci Xi surgical system in June 2023, our Joint Venture received a manufacturing license that permits the Joint Venture to manufacture our da Vinci Xi surgical system for sale to customers in China.

Single-port

◦ In December 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in cholecystectomy, inguinal hernia repair, appendectomy, and nipple sparing mastectomy (NSM) procedures. In May 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in transanal local excision/resection, a form of minimally invasive surgery performed through a natural orifice to avoid abdominal surgical incisions, for select procedures. In December 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in colorectal surgical procedures. In July 2024, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in general thoracoscopic surgical procedures. In April 2023, we obtained FDA clearance for the use of our da Vinci SP surgical system in simple prostatectomy procedures and in transvesical approaches to simple and radical prostatectomy.

◦ In June 2025, we obtained regulatory clearances in South Korea and Japan for our SP SureForm 45 stapler and our SP SureForm 45 curved-tip stapler for use with our da Vinci SP surgical system. In March 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for our SP SureForm 45 stapler and our SP SureForm 45 curved-tip stapler for use with our da Vinci SP surgical system, which may be particularly useful in thoracic and colorectal surgical procedures.

◦ In August 2024, we obtained regulatory clearance in Taiwan for our da Vinci SP surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, transanal total mesorectal excision, and breast surgical procedures. In January 2024, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our da Vinci SP surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, and breast surgical procedures.

Ion Endoluminal System

◦ In October 2025, we obtained FDA clearance for software advancements for the Ion endoluminal system. This software release introduces artificial intelligence across Ion’s entire navigational workflow, while also integrating new advanced imaging capabilities to support accurate and efficient lung biopsies.

◦ In February 2025, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR to extend the number of uses of our catheter instrument used with our Ion endoluminal system from five to eight uses. In April 2024, we obtained FDA clearance to extend the number of uses of our catheter instrument from five to eight uses.

◦ In March 2024, we received NMPA regulatory clearance for our Ion endoluminal system in China. We placed our first Ion systems in China during the third quarter of 2024 and will continue our rollout of the Ion system in China in a measured fashion. In September 2023, we received regulatory clearance in South Korea for our Ion endoluminal system. In March 2023, we obtained European certification in accordance with the EU MDR for our Ion endoluminal system.

In June 2023, the China National Health Commission published the 14 th five-year plan quota for major medical equipment to be sold in China on its official website (the “2023 Quota”). Under the original 2023 Quota, the government will allow for the sale of 559 new surgical robots into China, which could include da Vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. As of December 31, 2025, including systems that were sold in prior quarters, we have placed 162 da Vinci surgical systems under the original 2023 Quota and 5 da Vinci surgical systems under special approval. Future sales of da Vinci surgical systems under this and any previously published open quotas are uncertain, as they are open to other medical device companies that have introduced robotic-assisted surgical systems and are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals. Our ability to track the number of systems that could be sold under these quotas in the future is limited by provincial and national agencies making such information publicly available.

Since 2022, several provinces in China have implemented significant limits on what hospitals can charge patients for surgeries using robotic surgical technology, including soft tissue surgery. These limits have impacted the number of procedures performed in those provinces as well as pricing of our instruments and accessories, which have impacted our instruments and accessories revenue. However, as of the date of this report, these limits have not had a material impact on our business,

financial condition, or results of operations, as only a small portion of our installed base in China is currently located in the impacted provinces. Companies providing robotic surgical technology, including our Joint Venture, have been meeting with Chinese government healthcare agencies to discuss these developments and to provide feedback. We cannot assure you that additional provincial or national healthcare agencies and administrations will not impose similar limits, and we expect to continue to face increased pricing pressure, both of which could further impact the number of procedures performed and our instruments and accessories revenue in China.

The Japanese MHLW considers reimbursement for procedures in April of even-numbered years. The process for obtaining reimbursement requires Japanese university hospitals and surgical societies, with our support, to seek reimbursement. There are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures, including those that require in-country clinical and economic data. An additional five da Vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in April 2024, including lobectomy for benign conditions. In addition, we received higher reimbursement for certain da Vinci rectal resection procedures, as compared to open procedure reimbursements. The additional reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will generally be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. Given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these additional procedures, there can be no assurance that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to prostatectomy or partial nephrectomy, given their higher reimbursement, or any other da Vinci procedure.

Field Actions, Recalls, and Corrections

Medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. The definition of “recalls and corrections” is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, relabeling, and issuance of new or additional instructions for use or reinforcement of existing instructions for use and training when such actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. These field actions require stringent documentation, reporting, and monitoring worldwide. There are other actions that a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting including, but not limited to, routine servicing and stock rotations.

As we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. Regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. In general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action that is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional documentation required in their national language, and arrange, as required, the return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction.

Field actions, as well as certain outcomes from regulatory activities, can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to our reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.

2025 Operational and Financial Highlights

• Total revenue increased by 21% to $10.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to $8.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• Approximately 3,153,000 da Vinci procedures were performed during the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of 18% compared to approximately 2,683,000 da Vinci procedures for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• Approximately 144,100 Ion procedures were performed during the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of 51% compared to approximately 95,500 Ion procedures for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• Instruments and accessories revenue increased by 19% to $6.02 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to $5.08 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• Systems revenue increased by 26% to $2.47 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to $1.97 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• 1,721 da Vinci surgical systems were placed during the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of 13% compared to 1,526 systems during the year ended December 31, 2024. The 2025 da Vinci surgical system placements included 870 da Vinci 5 surgical systems, compared with 362 in 2024.

• As of December 31, 2025, we had a da Vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 11,106 systems, an increase of 12% compared to the installed base of approximately 9,902 systems as of December 31, 2024.

• Utilization of da Vinci surgical systems, measured in terms of procedures per system per year, increased 3% relative to 2024.

• 195 Ion systems were placed during the year ended December 31, 2025, a decrease of 28% compared to 271 systems during the year ended December 31, 2024.

• As of December 31, 2025, we had an Ion system installed base of approximately 995 systems, an increase of 24% compared to the installed base of approximately 805 systems as of December 31, 2024.

• Gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 66.0% for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to 67.5% for the year ended December 31, 2024.

• Operating income increased by 25% to $2.95 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to $2.35 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Operating income included $803 million and $688 million of share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans and $20.2 million and $22.6 million of intangible asset-related charges for the years ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively.

• During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 4.8 million shares of our common stock for $2.30 billion.

• As of December 31, 2025, we had $9.03 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. Cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased by $0.20 billion, compared to $8.83 billion as of December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, partially offset by cash used for repurchases of common stock, capital expenditures, and taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards.

Results of Operations

Procedures

We model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy / invasiveness . In this equation, procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the procedure in resolving the underlying disease, and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. When the patient value of a robotic-assisted procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons or physicians and hospitals that offer robotic-assisted medical procedures, which could potentially result in a local market share shift. Adoption of robotic-assisted procedures occurs by procedure and by market and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of robotic-assisted procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.

We use the number and type of procedures as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Management believes that the number and type of procedures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes procedure volume is an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future revenue (including revenue from usage-based operating lease arrangements). Management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the number and type of procedures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The number and type of procedures also facilitate management’s internal comparisons of our historical performance. We believe that the number and type of procedures are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business.

The vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the installed systems for determining the number and type of procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. Estimates and judgments for determining the number and type of procedures may be impacted over time by various factors, including changes in treatment modalities, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and system internet connectivity. Such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to algorithmic or other technical errors. In addition, the relationship between the number and type of procedures and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and procedure volume growth may not correspond to an increase in revenue. The number and type of procedures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.

Da Vinci Procedures

The adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da Vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than to non-da Vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. Our da Vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general, gynecologic, urologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgical procedures. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. Target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal), colorectal, cholecystectomy, and bariatric procedures. Target procedures in urology include prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy. Target procedures in gynecology include hysterectomy for both cancer and benign conditions and sacrocolpopexy. In cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include lung resection. In head and neck surgery, target procedures include transoral surgery. Not all indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da Vinci surgical systems. Surgeons and their patients need to consult the product labeling in their specific country and for each product in order to determine the cleared uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.

The following table summarizes the approximate number of procedures performed on da Vinci surgical systems in the US and OUS for the periods presented (amounts shown in thousands):

Overall. Total da Vinci procedures performed by our customers grew approximately 18% in 2025, compared to approximately 17% in 2024, largely attributable to growth in U.S. general surgery, OUS general surgery (particularly cancer), OUS urologic surgery, and U.S. gynecologic surgery procedures.

U.S. Procedures. U.S. da Vinci procedures grew approximately 15% in 2025, compared to approximately 15% in 2024. The 2025 U.S. procedure growth was largely attributable to growth in general surgery and gynecologic surgery procedures.

U.S. General Surgery. General surgery procedures in the U.S. grew approximately 18% in 2025, compared to approximately 19% in 2024, most notably cholecystectomy, hernia repair, appendectomy, and colorectal procedures. The number of U.S. da Vinci bariatric procedures performed declined in the high-single digits in 2025 compared to 2024. Cholecystectomy, inguinal and ventral hernia repair, and appendectomy procedures contributed the most incremental procedures in 2025. Cholecystectomy, inguinal and ventral hernia repair, and colorectal procedures contributed the most incremental procedures in 2024.

Given the already very high level of laparoscopic techniques used in cholecystectomy procedures, it remains unclear to what extent robotic-assisted surgery using da Vinci may continue to be adopted.

We believe that growth in hernia repair procedures using da Vinci reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. We believe that hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods. However, given the differences in surgical complexity associated with the treatment of various hernia patient populations and varying surgeon opinions regarding optimal surgical technique, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what extent hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. We expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery.

Growth in appendectomy procedures reflects greater access to acute and after-hours care. We believe that our stapling instruments may minimize complications and reduce operative times in emergent and after-hours settings. Similar to cholecystectomy procedures, there is currently a high level of laparoscopic techniques used in appendectomy procedures.

The adoption of da Vinci for colorectal procedures, which includes several underlying procedures, such as low anterior resections for rectal cancers and certain colon procedures for benign and cancerous conditions, has been ongoing for several years and is supported by certain technologies, such as our da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products as well as our Integrated Table Motion product.

U.S. Gynecology . Gynecology procedures in the U.S. grew approximately 11% in 2025, compared to approximately 8% in 2024. Benign hysterectomy procedures contributed the most incremental procedures in 2025 and 2024. The growth in benign hysterectomy procedures has been largely driven by use of our systems by new da Vinci surgeons.

OUS Procedures. OUS da Vinci procedures grew approximately 23% in 2025, compared to approximately 23% in 2024. In OUS markets, robotic-assisted procedures are at varying states of adoption in different areas of the world with cancer procedures outpacing benign procedures. We saw strong procedure growth in South Korea and India during 2025. We believe that growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da Vinci procedures as well as increased surgeon training. In South Korea, the doctor strikes that began in the first quarter of 2024 have ended; we saw a recovery in the number of procedures performed in 2025, and the growth rate in South Korea exceeded the overall OUS procedure growth rate.

OUS General Surgery. OUS general surgery procedures grew approximately 31% in 2025, compared to approximately 35% in 2024, most notably colorectal and hernia repair procedures. Colorectal procedures contributed the most incremental procedures in 2025 and 2024, aided by improved clinical outcomes relative to open and laparoscopic techniques within certain patient populations, along with enabling technologies, such as our da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products as well as our Integrated Table Motion product. The growth in hernia repair procedures has largely been driven by increased use of our systems by new da Vinci surgeons.

OUS Urology. OUS urology procedures have been a consistent contributor to our overall procedure growth. OUS urology procedures grew approximately 16% in 2025, compared to approximately 14% in 2024, most notably prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy procedures. In the U.S., da Vinci is the standard of care for the surgical treatment of prostate cancer, and we believe that the growth is largely aligned with surgical volumes of prostate cancer. In OUS markets, prostatectomy is at varying states of adoption in different areas of the world but is the largest overall da Vinci procedure. In 2025, we saw consistent growth in OUS prostatectomy procedures compared to 2024.

Kidney cancer procedures have also been a strong contributor to our recent global urology procedure growth. Clinical publications have demonstrated that the use of a da Vinci surgical system increases the likelihood that a patient will receive nephron sparing surgery through a partial nephrectomy, which is typically the surgical society guideline recommended therapy.

OUS Gynecology. OUS gynecology procedures grew approximately 28% in 2025, compared to approximately 29% in 2024, most notably hysterectomy procedures. The growth in hysterectomy procedures has been largely driven by increased use of our systems by new da Vinci surgeons.

Ion Procedures

The adoption of robotic-assisted bronchoscopy using the Ion endoluminal system has the potential to grow if it can offer greater patient value than non-Ion alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers.

In 2025, approximately 144,100 biopsy procedures were performed with Ion systems, compared to approximately 95,500 in 2024 and approximately 53,800 in 2023. The increase in our overall procedure volume in 2025 reflects a larger installed base of approximately 995 systems, an increase of 24% compared to the installed base of approximately 805 systems as of 2024. Currently, the vast majority of Ion biopsy procedures are performed in the U.S.

System Demand

System placements are driven by procedure growth in most geographic markets. In some markets, system placements are constrained by regulation. In geographies where da Vinci procedure adoption is in an early stage or system placements are constrained by regulation, system sales will precede procedure growth.

The following table summarizes our da Vinci and Ion placements during the periods presented (amounts shown in ones):

During 2025, 1,721 da Vinci surgical systems were placed compared to 1,526 systems during 2024. By geography, 987 systems were placed in the U.S., 342 in Europe, 269 in Asia, and 123 in other markets during 2025, compared to 800 systems placed in the U.S., 309 in Europe, 321 in Asia, and 96 in other markets during 2024. The increase in total units placed during 2025 compared to 2024, reflected incremental demand for our next-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system, an increase in trade-ins of our fourth-generation da Vinci surgical systems, and continued demand for additional capacity by our customers as a result of procedure growth, partially offset by a smaller number of third-generation da Vinci surgical systems available for trade-in. The 2025 da Vinci surgical system placements included 870 da Vinci 5 surgical systems, compared with 362 in 2024.

As of December 31, 2025, we had a da Vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 11,106 systems compared to approximately 9,902 systems as of December 31, 2024. By geography, 6,364 systems were in the U.S., 2,168 in Europe, 1,993 in Asia, and 581 in the rest of the world. The incremental system installed base reflects continued procedure growth and further customer validation that robotic-assisted surgery addresses their Quintuple Aim objectives.

During 2025, 195 Ion systems were placed compared to 271 systems during 2024. By geography, 169 systems were placed in the U.S., 16 in Europe, 7 in Asia, and 3 in other markets during 2025, compared to 253 systems placed in the U.S., 14 in Europe, and 4 in Asia during 2024. In the U.S., where we estimate that the Ion penetration of lung biopsies is approaching the halfway point of all lung biopsies performed, our customers’ focus has begun to shift from increasing capacity to increasing utilization of their existing systems. As of December 31, 2025, we had an Ion system installed base of approximately 995 systems, compared to an installed base of approximately 805 systems as of December 31, 2024.

We continue to see some customers challenged by staffing constraints, lower public funding of healthcare in certain markets (particularly in Europe and Japan), and other financial pressures. As a result, we expect our customers to continue to be cautious in their overall capital spending. In addition, system demand in China has been affected by increasing competition from domestic robotic-assisted surgical system manufacturers as well as a broader central government focus on systematic governance. Targeting the healthcare sector, this campaign was initially launched by the Chinese government in July 2023 and has resulted in heightened scrutiny by medical institutions with respect to initiating tenders, with some tenders being canceled or delayed without a timeline. In 2025, the effects of this campaign, combined with the competitive dynamics in China and various measures related to industrial policy, contributed to fewer systems being placed in China than we anticipated. Currently, the extent and impact of this campaign and the competitive dynamics in China on our business remains uncertain.

We expect that future placements of da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by a number of factors: supply chain risks; economic and geopolitical factors; inflationary pressures; high interest rates; hospital staffing constraints; procedure growth rates; evolving system utilization and point-of-care dynamics; capital replacement trends, including a declining number of older generation systems available for trade-in transactions; additional reimbursements in various global markets, such as in Japan; the timing around governmental tenders and authorizations, as well as governmental actions impacting the tender process, such as the governance campaign in China; hospitals’ response to the evolving healthcare environment; the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other OUS markets for our da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, da Vinci Xi, and da Vinci SP surgical systems and related instruments; and the market response.

Demand may also be impacted by the competition we currently face, or expect to face, from companies offering products for open or MIS surgeries, companies providing other therapeutic approaches for target clinical conditions, and companies developing diagnostic solutions that could serve as alternatives to current or planned Intuitive offerings. Companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted medical procedures, or have made explicit statements about their efforts to

enter the field, include, but are not limited to, the following: Beijing Surgerii Robotics Company Limited; CMR Surgical Ltd.; Distalmotion SA; Harbin Sizhe Rui Intelligent Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.; Johnson & Johnson; Karl Storz SE & Co. KG; Medicaroid Corporation; Medtronic plc; meerecompany Inc.; Noah Medical Corporation; Shandong Weigao Group Medical Polymer Company Ltd.; Shanghai Microport Medbot (Group) Co., Ltd.; Shenzhen Edge Medical Co., Ltd.; and SS Innovations International, Inc.

Many of the above factors will also impact future demand for our Ion endoluminal system, as we extend our commercial offering into diagnostics, along with additional factors associated with a new product introduction, including, but not limited to, our ability to optimize manufacturing and our supply chain, competition, clinical data to demonstrate value, and customer acceptance.

Distribution Channels

We sell our products and services through direct sales organizations in the U.S., Europe (excluding Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece, and Eastern European countries), China (through our majority-owned joint ventures, Intuitive Surgical-Fosun Medical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Intuitive Surgical-Fosun (HongKong) Co., Ltd. (collectively, the “Joint Venture”), with Fosun Pharma), Japan, South Korea, India, Taiwan, and Canada. In the U.S. (for some government customers), China, and Japan, we also utilize certain distributors in addition to our direct sales organizations. In the remainder of our OUS markets, we provide our products for sale through distributors.

Seasonality

More than half of the da Vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably hernia repairs, hysterectomies, and cholecystectomies. These benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life-threatening conditions. Seasonality in the U.S. for procedures for benign conditions typically results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. Seasonality outside of the U.S. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods, which have lower procedure volume.

System placements also vary due to seasonality, largely aligned with hospital budgeting cycles. On an annual basis, we typically place a higher proportion of systems in the fourth quarter and a lower proportion in the first quarter as many customer budgets are reset.

Intuitive System Leasing

Since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and fixed-payment operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. These leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared to other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. We also enter into usage-based operating lease arrangements with qualified customers that have committed da Vinci programs where we charge for the system and service as procedures are performed, offering greater predictability in costs for customers. We believe that all of these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of any of these structures based on customer needs and demand.

We include systems placed under fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements, as well as sales-type lease arrangements, in our system placement and installed base disclosures. We exclude operating lease-related revenue, including usage-based revenue, and Ion system revenue from our da Vinci surgical system average selling price (“ASP”) computations.

The following table summarizes our da Vinci and Ion system placements under leasing arrangements for the periods presented (amounts in ones):

Variable lease revenue recognized from usage-based operating lease arrangements has been included in our operating lease metrics herein. Operating lease revenue has grown at a faster rate than overall systems revenue and was $874 million, $654 million, and $501 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, of which $531 million, $338 million, and $217 million, respectively, was variable lease revenue related to our usage-based operating lease arrangements.

Revenue for systems sold or placed under a sales-type lease arrangement is recognized upfront whereas revenue for fixed-payment operating lease arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over time. Therefore, in a period when the number of operating lease placements increases as a proportion of total system placements, total systems revenue is reduced, which can create volatility in the systems revenue recognized in any given period. We generally set fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements’ pricing at a modest premium relative to purchased systems reflecting the time value of money and, in the case of usage-based operating lease arrangements, the risk that system utilization may fall short of anticipated levels.

Revenue for usage-based operating lease arrangements is recognized as the system is used to perform procedures. Variable usage-based arrangements create better matching of reimbursements and cost for our customers. They also reduce our customers’ overall risk and need for capital outlay. However, because the number of procedures performed in any given period can vary significantly for many reasons, including but not limited to healthcare emergencies, alternative treatment options, and patient preferences, revenue recognized from these arrangements can be highly volatile.

Customers generally do not have the right to exit or terminate a fixed-payment lease without incurring a penalty. Generally, lease transactions generate similar gross profit margins as our sale transactions. However, because of the variability in revenue recognized for usage-based lease arrangements, including our customers’ ability to exit or cancel those arrangements prior to the end of the lease term, there is no guarantee that we will recuperate the cost of the leased system, which, in turn, could adversely impact our gross profit margins if utilization of those systems are different than our expectations.

The following table summarizes our da Vinci and Ion systems installed base under operating leasing arrangements as of the periods presented (amounts in ones):

Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by economic pressures or uncertainty, changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, or other customer-specific factors. As a result of these macroeconomic factors impacting our customers, we may be exposed to defaults under our lease financing arrangements. Moreover, usage-based operating lease arrangements generally contain no minimum payments; therefore, customers may exit such arrangements without paying a financial penalty to us.

For some operating lease arrangements, our customers are provided with the right to purchase the leased system at certain points during and/or at the end of the lease term. Revenue generated from customer purchases of systems under operating lease arrangements (“Lease Buyouts”) was $130 million, $109 million, and $74 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We expect that revenue recognized from customer exercises of buyout options will fluctuate based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise such buyout options.

Systems revenue is also affected by the proportion of system placements under operating lease arrangements, which can fluctuate period to period depending on customer preference, recurring fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease revenue, Lease Buyouts, product mix, ASPs, trade-in activities, customer mix, and specified-price trade-in rights. We generally do not provide specified-price trade-in rights or upgrade rights at the time of a system purchase; however, in conjunction with the rollout of our next-generation da Vinci 5 surgical system, there may be limited instances in which certain arrangements include specified-price trade-in rights. For trade-in activities involving operating lease upgrades, depending on the timing and terms of the upgrade transaction, the amount of revenue generated on the initial and new lease arrangements may not, in the aggregate, generate the same amount of revenue that a traditional sale and trade-in transaction would. Systems revenue increased 26% to $2.47 billion in 2025. Systems revenue increased 17% to $1.97 billion in 2024. Systems revenue remained flat at $1.68 billion in 2023.

Procedure/Product Mix

Our da Vinci surgical systems are generally used for soft tissue surgery for areas of the body between the pelvis and the neck, primarily in general, gynecologic, urologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgical procedures. Within these categories, procedures range in complexity from cancer and other highly complex procedures to less complex procedures for benign conditions. Cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. Thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex, benign conditions. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. Our fully featured da Vinci 5 and da Vinci Xi surgical systems with advanced instruments (including da Vinci energy and da Vinci stapler products) and our Integrated Table Motion product target the more complex procedure segment. Our da Vinci X surgical system is targeted toward price-sensitive geographic markets and procedures. Our da Vinci SP surgical system complements the da Vinci 5, da Vinci X, and da Vinci Xi surgical systems by enabling surgeons to access narrow workspaces.

Revenue

We recognize up-front revenue from the placement of da Vinci surgical systems through sales or sales-type lease arrangements. Recurring revenue is recognized over time from the placement of da Vinci surgical systems under fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements, as well as from service arrangements. Recurring revenue is also recognized up-front from the sale of instruments and accessories.

The da Vinci surgical system generally sells for between $0.7 million and $3.1 million (generally inclusive of one year of service), depending on the model, configuration, and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers when purchased. Our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they need to be replaced. We generally earn between $900 and $3,700 of instruments and accessories revenue per surgical procedure performed, depending on the type and complexity of the specific procedures performed and the number and type of instruments used. We typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $95,000 and $225,000, depending on the configuration of the underlying system and the composition of the services offered under the contract. Our system sale arrangements generally include a five-year period of service, with the first year of service generally included in the selling price of the system. These service contracts have generally been renewed at the end of the initial contractual service periods.

We generate revenue from our Ion endoluminal system in a business model consistent with the da Vinci surgical system model described above. We generate up-front revenue from the placement of Ion systems through sales or sales-type lease arrangements and recurring revenue over time through fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements. We also earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments, accessories, and services. The Ion endoluminal system generally sells for between $500,000 and $815,000 (generally inclusive of one year of service). Our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in procedures, at which point they need to be replaced. We typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $55,000 and $70,000.

Additionally, as part of our ecosystem of products and services, we provide a portfolio of learning offerings and digital solutions. We do not currently generate material revenue from these offerings.

The following table summarizes our revenue for the periods presented (amounts in millions):

Total revenue increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by 19% higher instruments and accessories revenue, 26% higher systems revenue, and 20% higher service revenue.

We generally sell our products and services in local currencies where we have direct distribution channels. Revenue denominated in foreign currencies as a percentage of total revenue was approximately 24%, 24%, and 25% in 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had a favorable impact on OUS total revenue of $31 million for 2025 and an unfavorable impact on OUS total revenue of $34 million for 2024. The impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations was calculated by comparing the USD value of foreign-currency-denominated transactions translated at exchange rates in effect during the period in which each order was recorded to the USD value of those same transactions translated at exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior-year period, net of the impacts from foreign currency hedges.

We believe that U.S. revenue has historically accounted for the large majority of total revenue due to U.S. patients’ ability to choose their provider and method of treatment, reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and MIS, and our initial investments focused on U.S. infrastructure. We have been investing in our business in OUS markets, and our OUS procedures have grown faster in proportion to U.S. procedures. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term.

Product Revenue

Instruments and accessories revenue increased by 19% to $6.02 billion for 2025, compared to $5.08 billion for 2024. The increase in instruments and accessories revenue was primarily driven by approximately 18% higher da Vinci procedure volume,

approximately 51% higher Ion procedure volume, and incremental growth of SP procedures, partially offset by an unfavorable procedure mix. The 2025 U.S. da Vinci procedure growth was approximately 15%, driven primarily by strong growth in general surgery procedures, most notably cholecystectomy, hernia repair, appendectomy, and colorectal procedures, and gynecologic procedures. The number of U.S. da Vinci bariatric procedures performed declined in the high-single digits in 2025 compared to 2024. The 2025 OUS da Vinci procedure growth was approximately 23%, driven by growth in general surgery procedures, most notably colorectal and hernia repair procedures; urologic procedures, most notably prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy procedures; and gynecologic procedures. Geographically, the 2025 OUS da Vinci procedure growth was driven by several markets with particular strength in South Korea and India.

Systems revenue increased by 26% to $2.47 billion for 2025, compared to $1.97 billion for 2024. The higher system revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, was primarily driven by an increase in da Vinci surgical system placements, including a decrease in the proportion of da Vinci surgical system placements under operating leases, higher operating lease revenue, and higher ASPs.

Operating lease revenue, including the contribution from Ion systems, was $874 million for 2025, of which $531 million was variable lease revenue related to usage-based arrangements, compared to $654 million for 2024, of which $338 million was variable lease revenue related to usage-based arrangements. Revenue from Lease Buyouts was $130 million fo r 2025, compared to $109 million f or 2024. We expect revenue from Lease Buyouts to fluctuate period to period depending on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise buyout options embedded in their leases.

The da Vinci surgical system ASP, excluding systems placed under fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements, Ion systems, and the impact of specified-price trade-in rights, was approximately $1.60 million for 2025, compared to approximately $1.50 million for 2024. The higher ASP for 2025, was largely driven by favorable product mix, including from da Vinci 5 sales, partially offset by higher pricing discounts and more trade-ins. ASP fluctuates from period to period based on geographic and product mix, product pricing, systems placed involving trade-ins, and changes in foreign exchange rates.

Service Revenue

Service revenue increased by 20% to 1.57 billion for 2025, compared to $1.31 billion for 2024. The increase in 2025 was primarily driven by a larger installed base of systems producing service revenue and favorable product mix, particularly from da Vinci 5 surgical system placements.

Recurring Revenue

Recurring revenue represents the revenue recognized from instruments and accessories, service, and operating lease arrangements. Recurring revenue is an operating measure that we use to assess the strength of our installed base, system utilization, and procedure adoption.

Recurring revenue during the periods presented was as follows:

Gross Profit

Product

Our product gross profit during the periods presented was as follows (dollars in millions):

Product gross profit margin decreased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by new tariffs, incremental fixed overhead costs, including depreciation expense associated with expanded manufacturing capacity, and higher costs associated with our da Vinci 5 surgical system, partially offset by lower excess and obsolete inventory charges. Our capital expenditures increased in 2024, as we continued to build the infrastructure needed to scale our business and, as a result, depreciation expense increased in 2025. We expect depreciation expense to continue to increase in 2026.

In 2025, new and incremental tariffs were imposed on goods imported to the U.S. We import raw materials and finished goods from sources outside of the U.S., which were subject to tariffs, including but not limited to our endoscopes, which are primarily manufactured in Germany. If the tariffs continue to be in effect in 2026 as currently implemented, we expect the associated expense to increase in 2026. The ultimate impact of tariffs will depend on various factors, including the amount, scope, timing, and nature of the tariffs.

Service

Our service gross profit during the periods presented was as follows (dollars in millions):

Service gross profit margin decreased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by higher costs associated with our da Vinci 5 surgical system, an unfavorable repair mix, incremental fixed costs, including depreciation expense, and new tariffs, partially offset by lower logistics costs and lower excess and obsolete inventory charges.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses include costs for sales, marketing, and administrative personnel, sales and marketing activities, trade show expenses, legal expenses, regulatory fees, and general corporate expenses.

Selling, general and administrative expenses during the periods presented were as follows (dollars in millions):

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by higher headcount and personnel-related expenses, including share-based compensation expense and variable compensation expenses, and a higher charitable contribution to the Intuitive Foundation.

In 2025, we made a charitable contribution of $70 million to the Intuitive Foundation, a not-for-profit organization whose mission is to reduce the global burden of disease and suffering through research, education, and philanthropy aimed at better outcomes for patients around the globe. In 2024, we made a charitable contribution of $45 million to the Intuitive Foundation.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing, and significant enhancement of our products. Our main product development initiatives include multi-port, Ion, and SP platform investments and our digital products and services.

Research and development expenses during the periods presented were as follows (dollars in millions):

Research and development expenses increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by project costs incurred to support a broader set of product development initiatives and higher headcount and personnel-related expenses, including share-based compensation expense.

Research and development expenses fluctuate with project timing. Based upon our broader set of product development initiatives and the stage of the underlying projects, we expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future.

Interest and Other Income, Net

Interest and other income, net during the periods presented was as follows (dollars in millions):

Interest and other income, net, increased in 2025 compared to 2024, primarily driven by higher interest income earned (due to higher average cash and investment balances).

Income Tax Expense

Our higher effective tax rate for 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily due to lower tax rate benefits from federal research and development credits and excess tax benefits associated with employee equity plans, partially offset by lower taxes on foreign earnings.

Our provision for income taxes for 2023 reflected Swiss tax benefits of $92.3 million, net of a $67.3 million valuation allowance, related to certain tax assets recorded by our Swiss entity. In addition, a one-time net benefit of $67.1 million was recorded from the re-measurement of our Swiss deferred tax assets resulting from the Swiss cantonal tax rate increase enacted in December 2023 for years after 2024 as well as a Swiss cantonal tax rate increase from the discontinuation of our 2017 Swiss tax ruling, which was deemed effective as of January 1, 2023.

Our provision for income taxes for 2025 and 2024 included excess tax benefits associated with employee equity plans of $246 million and $223 million, respectively, which reduced our effective tax rate by 7.4 and 8.4 percentage points, respectively. The amount of excess tax benefits or deficiencies will fluctuate from period to period based on the price of our stock, the volume of share-based awards settled or vested, and the value assigned to employee equity awards under GAAP, which results in increased income tax expense volatility.

On July 4, 2025, OBBBA was enacted, introducing amendments to U.S. tax laws with various effective dates from 2025 to 2027. The changes introduced by OBBBA did not have a material impact on our effective tax rate for 2025.

In 2021, the OECD established an inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting and agreed on a two-pillar solution to global taxation, focusing on global profit allocation and a 15% global minimum effective tax rate (“Pillar Two”). The OECD issued Pillar Two model rules and continues to release guidance on these rules. In January 2025, the OECD released additional guidance, which includes a limitation on certain deferred tax assets recognized after November 2021. Many countries have adopted new tax laws to align with the global minimum tax. We considered the applicable tax law changes on Pillar Two implementation in the relevant countries, and there was no material impact to our tax provision in 2025. We will continue to evaluate the impact of these tax law changes on future reporting periods.

We file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the U.S. and OUS. Years before 2020 are considered closed for significant jurisdictions. Certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to activities of various tax authorities, including evolving interpretations of existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, potential assessment of additional tax, possible settlement of audits, or through normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they change.

We are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. Management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management’s expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest in Joint Venture

The Company’s Joint Venture is owned 60% by us and 40% by Fosun Pharma and is located in China. In 2019, the Joint Venture began direct operations for da Vinci products and services in China. Following approval in June 2023 by China’s NMPA for a local version of our da Vinci Xi surgical system, in August 2023, our Intuitive-Fosun Pharma Joint Venture received a manufacturing license that permits the Joint Venture to manufacture our da Vinci Xi surgical system for sale to customers in China.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Sources and Uses of Cash and Cash Equivalents

Our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by our operations. Cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $0.20 billion to $9.03 billion as of December 31, 2025, from $8.83 billion as of December 31, 2024, primarily as a result of cash provided by operating activities and proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, partially offset by cash used for repurchases of common stock, capital expenditures, and taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards.

Our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products, and other factors. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. Based on our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from our business, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. However, we may experience reduced cash flow from operations as a result of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds.

As of December 31, 2025, $1.06 billion of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments was held by foreign subsidiaries. We intend to repatriate earnings from our Swiss and Dutch subsidiaries and our joint venture in Hong Kong, as needed, since the U.S. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. We will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries and do not expect the tax implications of repatriating these earnings to be significant.

See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.

Consolidated Cash Flow Data

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in millions):

Operating Activities

In 2025, net cash provided by operating activities of $3.03 billion exceeded our net income of $2.88 billion, primarily due to the following factors:

1. Our net income included non-cash charges of $1.43 billion, consisting primarily of share-based compensation of $788 million and depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $615 million.

2. Changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in $1.27 billion of cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2025. Inventory increased by $1.06 billion, primarily to address the growth in our business and to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from global supply chain shortages. We also transferred systems for leasing to our customers from inventory to property, plant, and equipment of $809 million to support the expansion of our leasing business. These uses of cash were partially offset by the return to inventory of leased systems of $106 million. Refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding inventory in the supplemental cash flow information.

Cash used in operating activities was also driven by an increase in accounts receivable of $302 million, primarily due to increased sales and the timing of billings. Prepaid and other assets increased by $187 million, primarily driven by an increase in prepaid expenses due to timing, an increase in lease incentive assets associated with operating leases, and new and extended facilities leases. The unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits of $113 million, primarily due to higher

variable compensation and higher headcount; an increase in deferred revenue of $75 million, primarily due to an increased volume of sales and service contracts; and an increase in accounts payable of $58 million, primarily due to higher inventory purchases.

In 2024, net cash provided by operating activities of $2.42 billion exceeded our net income of $2.34 billion, primarily due to the following factors:

1. Our net income included non-cash charges of $997 million, consisting primarily of share-based compensation of $677 million, depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $445 million, and amortization of deferred commissions of $38 million, partially offset by deferred income tax benefits of $135 million and accretion of investment discounts, net of losses on investments of $43 million.

2. The non-cash charges outlined above were partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $919 million of cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2024. Inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment of $615 million, partially offset by the transfer of property, plant, and equipment to inventory of $44 million, increased by $830 million, primarily to address the growth in our business, expand our leasing business, and mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from global supply chain shortages and manufacturing line transfers. Refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding inventory in the supplemental cash flow information.

Cash used in operating activities was also driven by an increase in prepaid and other assets of $232 million, primarily driven by new and extended lessee operating lease arrangements and deferred commissions as a result of operating leasing arrangements with customers. Accounts receivable increased by $96 million, primarily due to increased sales, as well as the timing of billings and collections. The unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in other liabilities of $108 million, primarily driven by new and extended lessee operating lease arrangements. Also, accrued compensation and employee benefits increased by $99 million, primarily due to higher headcount and higher variable compensation.

Investing Activities

Net cash provided by investing activities for 2025 consisted primarily of proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, of $1.22 billion, partially offset by $540 million paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment.

Net cash used in investing activities for 2024 consisted primarily of purchases of investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, of $2.16 billion and $1.11 billion paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment.

Net cash used in investing activities for 2023 consisted primarily of $1.06 billion paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, of $0.71 billion.

We invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. Our investment portfolio may, at any time, contain investments in money market funds, U.S. treasury and U.S. government agency securities, high-quality corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-U.S. government agency securities, and taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes.

Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities for 2025 consisted primarily of cash used in the repurchase of 4.8 million shares of our common stock for $2.3 billion and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $419 million, partially offset by cash proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $350 million.

Net cash used in financing activities for 2024 consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $429 million, partially offset by cash used for taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $270 million.

Net cash used in financing activities for 2023 consisted primarily of cash used in the repurchase of approximately 1.7 million shares of our common stock for $416 million and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $165 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $296 million.

Capital Expenditures

We continue to build the infrastructure needed to scale and supply our customers with highly differentiated products manufactured in highly automated factories to facilitate outstanding performance in product quality, availability, and cost. A significant portion of our investment involves the construction of facilities to expand our manufacturing and commercial capabilities. We have also been vertically integrating key technologies to develop a more robust supply chain and bring important products to market at attractive price points. These investments include increased ownership of our imaging

pipelines, and investments in strategic instruments and accessories technologies that allow us to serve our customers better. We intend to continue to fund our capital investments with cash generated from operations.

Intuitive Ventures

In 2020, we launched Intuitive Ventures Fund I, an inaugural $100 million fund focused on investment opportunities in companies that share Intuitive’s commitment to advancing positive outcomes in healthcare. As of December 31, 2025, we have invested $70 million of the $100 million.

In 2023, we launched Intuitive Ventures Fund II, a $150 million fund focused on investment opportunities in companies reimagining the future of minimally invasive care. As of December 31, 2025, we have invested $30 million of the $150 million.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments

Operating leases. We lease spaces for our operations in the U.S. as well as in Japan, China, Israel, Mexico, Germany, South Korea, the United Kingdom, India, and other countries. We also lease automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. These leases have varying terms of up to 20 years. Operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all of our non-cancellable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year. Refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 for further details.

Purchase commitments and obligations. Total purchase commitments and obligations as of December 31, 2025, are estimated to be approximately $2.53 billion, of which $2.37 billion is expected to be due within a year. These amounts include an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for which we have not received the goods or services, commitments for capital expenditures, including construction-related activities, for which we have not received the goods or services, and commitments for the acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. Approximately one third of our estimated purchase commitments and obligations are facilities-related. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. In addition to the above, we have committed to making potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, and development arrangements. Payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial milestones. For instances in which the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2025, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP, which requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions. See “Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” for a description of our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. The methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Our most critical accounting estimates include:

• Standalone selling prices used to allocate the contract consideration to the individual performance obligations, which impacts revenue recognition;

• Valuation of inventory, which impacts gross profit margins;

• Valuation of and assessment of the recoverability of intangible assets and goodwill and the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, which primarily impacts gross profit margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their amortization;

• Recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes; and

• Estimate of probable loss associated with legal contingencies, which impacts accrued liabilities and operating expenses.

Revenue recognition. Our system sale arrangements contain multiple products and services, including system(s), system components, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and services. Other than services, we generally deliver all of the

products upfront. Each of these products and services is a distinct performance obligation. System accessories, instruments, accessories, and services are also sold on a standalone basis.

For multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. Standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which we separately sell the products or services. If a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then we estimate the standalone selling prices considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, historical pricing data, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. We regularly review standalone selling prices and maintain internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.

Our system sales arrangements generally include a five-year period of service. The first year of service is generally included in the system sale arrangement for no additional consideration, and the remaining four years are billed separately at a stated service price. Revenue that is allocated to the service obligation is deferred and recognized ratably over the service period.

Inventory valuation. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. The cost basis of our inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excess or obsolete based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.

Valuation of intangible assets and goodwill. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration, including contingent consideration, to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest is recorded as goodwill. When determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows, and the determination of the assets’ life cycle. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made.

Our intangible assets include identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. Identifiable intangible assets include in-process research and development, developed technology, patents, distribution rights, customer relationships, licenses, and non-competition arrangements. Our identifiable intangible assets, except for in-process research and development, have finite lives. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequent if impairment indicators arise) by applying a fair value-based test. There have been no such impairments.

Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to impairment testing and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these identifiable intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated from such assets. If the cash flow estimates or the significant operating assumptions upon which they are based change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges.

The valuation and classification of intangible assets and goodwill and the assignment of useful lives for purposes of amortization involves judgments and the use of estimates. The evaluation of these intangible assets and goodwill for impairment under established accounting principles is required on a recurring basis. Changes in business conditions could potentially require future adjustments to the assumptions made. When we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets’ new, shorter useful lives. No significant impairment charges or accelerated amortization were recorded in 2025, 2024, and 2023. A considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing impairment, which includes financial forecasts. If conditions are different from management’s current estimates, material write-downs of long-lived assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.

Accounting for income taxes. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets in accordance with GAAP. Significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease in our tax provision in the current period or subsequent periods.

We evaluate the likelihood of recovering our deferred tax assets and record a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some or all of these assets will not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets depends on our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the jurisdictions where those assets are recorded. In making this assessment, we consider forecasted taxable income, including income that may result from prudent and feasible tax planning strategies, as well as the expected reversal of existing taxable temporary differences. These factors are reviewed regularly to determine whether adjustments to the valuation allowance are necessary. If actual results differ from our forecasts or if tax laws change, our ability

to realize deferred tax assets could be affected, which may result in an increase or decrease in our income tax provision in future periods.

The calculation of our tax liabilities involves significant complexity due to the application of detailed tax rules across multiple jurisdictions. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. First, we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including any appeals or litigation, based on its technical merits. If this threshold is met, we then measure the benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Estimating these amounts requires considerable judgment and is inherently subjective, as it involves assessing the probability of various possible outcomes. We review and update our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, taking into account changes in facts and circumstances including, but not limited to, new tax laws, audit developments, and effective settlements. Any adjustment in recognition or measurement may result in recording an additional tax provision or recognizing a tax benefit in the period of change.

Accounting for legal contingencies . From time to time, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, employment, and other matters. We record a liability and related charge to earnings in our Consolidated Financial Statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Our assessment is re-evaluated each period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that represents us. If a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. If a material loss is reasonably possible, but not probable, and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

When determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. Estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. The final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables and is difficult to predict and, therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. Consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

See “Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
