ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Loss Contingencies

We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. We regularly review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Our judgments are subjective based on the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainties of the legal and regulatory process in the multiple jurisdictions in which we operate, our judgments may be materially different than the actual outcomes.

Income Taxes

In calculating our effective income tax rate, estimates are required regarding the timing and amount of taxable and deductible items which will adjust the pretax income earned in various tax jurisdictions. Through our interpretation of local tax regulations, adjustments to pretax income for income earned in various tax jurisdictions are reflected within various tax filings. Although we believe that our estimates and judgments discussed herein are reasonable, actual results may be materially different than the estimated amounts.

We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining the valuation allowance. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all sources of taxable income, including projected future taxable income, reversing taxable temporary differences and ongoing tax planning strategies. If it is determined that we are able to realize deferred tax assets in excess of the net carrying value or to the extent we are unable to realize a deferred tax asset, we would adjust the valuation allowance in the period in which such a determination is made, with a corresponding increase or decrease to earnings.

We record tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, which may not be sustained or may only be partially sustained, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities. We consider all relevant facts and current authorities in the tax law in assessing whether any benefit resulting from an uncertain tax position is more likely than not to be sustained and, if so, how current law impacts the amount reflected within these financial statements. If upon examination, we realize a tax benefit which is not fully sustained or is more favorably sustained, this would generally increase earnings in the period. In certain situations, we will have offsetting tax credits or taxes in other jurisdictions.

Business Combinations

We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition purchase price, including contingent consideration, if any, is allocated to the underlying identified, tangible and intangible assets, liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, based on their respective estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, is recorded as goodwill. The amounts and useful lives assigned to acquisition-related tangible and intangible assets impact the amount and timing of future amortization expense. We use various valuation techniques to determine fair value, primarily discounted cash flows analysis, relief-from-royalty and multi-period excess earnings for estimating the value of intangible assets. These valuation techniques include comparable company multiples, discount rates, growth projections and other assumptions of future business conditions. Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the expected useful lives, requires management’s judgment. The significance of management’s estimates and assumptions is relative to the size of the acquisition. Our estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable.

MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K 62

PART II

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
