ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In addition, the Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the Company’s aggregate liability portfolio, including potential future debt issuances, and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a cash flow hedging relationship. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified as an adjustment to interest expense over the respective terms of the hedged debt issuances. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 the Company recorded losses of $ 7 million, $ 7 million and $ 6 million, respectively, from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest expense.

The Company estimates that the pre-tax amount of the net deferred loss on cash flow hedges recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at December 31, 2025 that will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months is not material.

Fair Value Hedges

The Company may enter into interest rate derivative contracts, including interest rate swaps, to manage the effects of interest rate movements on the fair value of the Company's fixed-rate debt and designate such derivatives as hedging instruments in a fair value hedging relationship. Changes in fair value of these contracts and changes in fair value of fixed-rate debt attributable to changes in the hedged benchmark interest rate generally offset each other and are recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. Gains and losses related to the net settlements of interest rate swaps are also recorded in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. The periodic cash settlements are included in operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.

The Company has an interest rate swap designated as a fair value hedge related to fixed interest rate Senior Notes. In effect, the interest rate swap synthetically converts the fixed interest rate on this debt to a variable interest rate based on the SOFR Overnight Index Swap Rate. The net impact to interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was not material.

Net Investment Hedges

The Company may use foreign currency denominated debt and/or foreign exchange derivative contracts to hedge a portion of its net investment in foreign subsidiaries against adverse movements in exchange rates. The effective portion of the net investment hedge is recorded as a currency translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Forward points are excluded from the effectiveness assessment and are amortized to general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations over the hedge period. The amounts recognized in earnings related to forward points for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were not material.

The pre-tax gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) related to the Company's derivative financial instruments designated as net investment hedging instruments for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had € 1.7 billion and € 1.3 billion euro-denominated debt outstanding designated as hedges of a portion of its net investment in its European operations. In December 2024, the Company de-designated € 400 million of the euro-denominated debt as net investment hedges to effectively manage changes in its net investment exposures in foreign subsidiaries. The euro-denominated debt was subsequently re-designated as a net investment hedge effective March 2025. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 the Company recorded pre-tax net foreign currency gains (losses) of $( 227 ) million, $ 104 million and $( 67 ) million, respectively, in other comprehensive income (loss).

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had net foreign currency gains of $ 126 million and $ 295 million, after tax, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) associated with this hedging activity.

Non-designated Derivatives

The Company may also enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to serve as economic hedges, such as to offset possible changes in the value of monetary assets and liabilities due to foreign exchange fluctuations, without designating these derivative contracts as hedging instruments. In addition, the Company is subject to foreign exchange risk as part of its daily settlement activities. This risk is typically limited to a few days between when a payment transaction takes place and the subsequent settlement with customers. To manage this risk, the Company may enter into short duration foreign exchange derivative contracts based upon anticipated receipts and disbursements for the respective currency position. The objective of these activities is to reduce the Company’s exposure to volatility arising from gains and losses resulting from fluctuations of foreign currencies against its

109 MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K

PART II

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

functional currencies. Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value of these contracts are recorded net in general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities.

The amount of gain recognized on the consolidated statements of operations for non-designated derivative contracts for the years ended December 31 were as follows:

Note 22. Segment Reporting

Mastercard has concluded it has one reportable operating segment, “Payment Solutions.” The Payment Solutions segment derives its revenues from a wide range of payments solutions provided to customers. Revenue is generated from providing customers continuous access to Mastercard’s global payments network, as well as by providing value-added services and solutions, whether integrated and sold with the payment network or on a stand-alone basis. All of the segment’s activities are interrelated, and each activity is dependent upon and supportive of the other. Accordingly, all significant operating decisions are based upon analysis of Mastercard at the consolidated level. The accounting policies of the Payment Solutions segment are the same as those described in Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies).

Mastercard’s Chief Executive Officer has been identified as the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM assesses performance for the Payment Solutions segment and decides how to allocate resources, including whether to reinvest profits into the Payment Solutions segment or into other business activities such as for acquisitions, to pay dividends or for share repurchases, based on net income as reported on the consolidated statements of operations (“Consolidated Net Income”). The CODM uses Consolidated Net Income and other measures for internal planning and forecasting purposes and in the calculation of performance-based compensation.

The following represents the selected financial information regularly reviewed by the CODM to assess performance of the Payment Solutions segment for the years ended December 31:

1 Includes fulfillment costs, occupancy costs, travel and meeting expenses, and other overhead expenses.

Revenue by geographic market is based on the location of the Company’s customer that issued the card, the location of the merchant acquirer where the card is being used or the location of the customer receiving services. Revenue generated in the U.S.

MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K 110

PART II

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA - NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

was approximately 29 % of net revenue in 2025, 30 % in 2024 and 30 % in 2023. No individual country, other than the U.S., generated more than 10% of net revenue in those periods. Mastercard did not have any individual customer that generated greater than 10% of net revenue in 2025, 2024 or 2023.

The following table reflects the geographical location of the Company’s property, equipment and right-of-use assets, net, as of December 31:

111 MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K

PART II

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Item 9. Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure

Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. The President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, with assistance from other members of management, have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025 and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.

Internal Control over Financial Reporting

In addition, Mastercard Incorporated’s management assessed the effectiveness of Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Management’s report on internal control over financial reporting is included in Part II, Item 8. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2025 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Mastercard’s internal control over financial reporting.

MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K 112

PART II

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Item 9B. Other information

Rule 10b5-1 and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements

During the three months ended December 31, 2025, certain of our officers or directors adopted or terminated trading arrangements for the sale of shares of our common stock as follows.

1 Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 105b-1(c).

2 Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c).

3 The Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement provides for the sale of a percentage of shares to be received upon future vesting of certain outstanding equity awards, net of any shares withheld by the Company to satisfy applicable taxes. The number of shares to be withheld, and thus the exact number of shares to be sold pursuant to Mr. Miebach’s Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, can only be determined upon the occurrence of future vesting events. For purposes of this disclosure, we have reported the maximum aggregate number of shares to be sold without subtracting any shares to be withheld upon future vesting events.

Other Information

Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, we hereby incorporate by reference herein the disclosure contained in Exhibit 99.1 of this Report.

Item 9C. Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections

Not applicable.

113 MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Item 10. Directors, executive officers and corporate governance

Information regarding our executive officers is included in section “Information about our executive officers” in Part I of this Report. Additional information required by this Item will appear in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC and delivered to stockholders in connection with our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), and is incorporated by reference into this Report.

Item 11. Executive compensation

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.

Item 12. Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.

Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.

Item 14. Principal accountant fees and services

The information required by this Item will appear in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference into this Report.

115 MASTERCARD 2019 FORM 10-K

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

Item 15. Exhibits and financial statement schedules

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

1 Consolidated Financial Statements

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8.

2 Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules

None.

3 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report or, where indicated, were previously filed and are hereby incorporated by reference:

Refer to the Exhibit Index included herein.

Item 16. Form 10-K summary

None.

117 MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit index

+ Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

* Filed or furnished herewith.

** Exhibit omits certain information that has been filed separately with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and has been granted confidential treatment.

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and should not be relied upon for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K 118

SIGNATURES

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K 119
