ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

We rely on our people leaders to display integrity and decency, as role models for the Mastercard Way. To the extent our leaders behave in a manner that is not consistent with these values, we could experience significant impact to our brand and reputation, as well as to our corporate culture.

Any one or more of the above could harm our overall business and results of operations.

Acquisitions and Strategic Investments

Our efforts to enter into acquisitions, strategic investments or new businesses could be impacted or prevented by regulatory scrutiny and could otherwise result in issues that could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations or reputation.

We continue to evaluate our strategic acquisitions of, and investments in, complementary businesses, products or technologies. As we do so, we face increasing regulatory scrutiny with respect to antitrust, national security and other considerations that could impact these efforts. We also face competition for acquisition targets due to the nature of the market for technology companies. As a result, we could be prevented from successfully completing such acquisitions in the future. If we are not successful in these efforts, we could lose strategic opportunities that are dependent, in part, on inorganic growth.

To the extent we do make these acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully partner with or integrate them, despite original intentions and focused efforts. Such an integration also may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. Moreover, we have spent, and may continue to spend, time and money on acquisitions or projects that do not sufficiently meet our expectations (either strategically or financially), which has resulted (and may in the future result) in divesting from or otherwise exiting these investments or businesses. Additionally, to the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves available to us for other uses, and to the extent the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our stockholders. Furthermore, we have inherited and may in the future inherit litigation risk which has or may increase our post-acquisition costs of operations.

Any acquisition, investment or entry into a new business could subject us to new regulations or legal requirements, both directly as a result of the new business as well as in the other existing parts of our business, with which we would need to comply. This compliance could increase our costs, and we could be subject to liability or reputational harm to the extent we cannot meet any such compliance requirements. Additionally, targets that we acquire have had, and may in the future have, data practices that do not initially conform to our privacy, data protection and information security standards and data governance model, which could lead to regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. These targets also have resulted in, and may in the future lead to, information security vulnerabilities for us.

Settlement and Third-Party Obligations

Our role as guarantor, as well as other contractual obligations and discretionary actions, expose us to risk of loss or illiquidity.

We are a guarantor of certain third-party obligations, including those of certain of our customers and service providers. In this capacity, we are exposed to credit and liquidity risks. We may incur significant losses in connection with transaction settlements if a customer fails to fund its daily settlement obligations due to technical problems, liquidity shortfalls, insolvency or other reasons. The occurrence of bank failures, such as those seen in recent years, could increase the potential for such losses. Concurrent settlement failures of more than one of our larger customers or of several smaller customers either on a given day or over a condensed period of time may exceed our available resources. In addition, Brazil recently enacted regulation requiring PSOs in Brazil (including Mastercard and Visa) to extend their responsibility for the financial and settlement integrity of payments to merchants. As we continue to be subject to increased regulation across the globe, more jurisdictions may enact similar approaches from time to time. Any such changes could increase complexity and may impact our cost of operations and financial condition.

Certain non-guaranteed transactions, as well as chargebacks to acquirers in the event of acquirer default, could result in elevated brand risk and the potential for financial loss.

We have significant contractual indemnification obligations with certain customers, which could be triggered depending on the circumstances.

Any of the above issues or events could have a material or adverse impact to our overall business and/or results of operations.

40 MASTERCARD 2025 FORM 10-K

PART I

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Class A Common Stock and Governance Structure

Provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions and have an impact on change-in-control.

Provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law could be considered anti-takeover provisions, including provisions that could delay or prevent entirely a merger or acquisition that our stockholders consider favorable. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or have the effect of delaying or preventing entirely a change in control, which could harm our stock price. For example, subject to limited exceptions, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits any person from beneficially owning more than 15% of any of the Class A common stock or any other class or series of our stock with general voting power, or more than 15% of our total voting power. In addition:

• our stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors

• our stockholders are not entitled to act by written consent

• any representative of a Mastercard or Mastercard Foundation competitor is disqualified from service on our board of directors

Mastercard Foundation’s substantial stock ownership, and restrictions on its sales, may impact corporate actions or acquisition proposals favorable to, or favored by, the other public stockholders.

Mastercard Foundation owns shares of our Class A common stock representing greater than 5% of our general voting power. Historically, Mastercard Foundation had been restricted from selling or otherwise transferring its shares of Class A common stock prior to May 1, 2027, except to the extent necessary to satisfy its charitable disbursement requirements, for which purpose earlier sales were permitted and had occurred. In July 2023, pursuant to an application in consultation with Mastercard, Mastercard Foundation received court approval to advance that date to January 1, 2024. As a result, Mastercard Foundation is now permitted to sell all or part of its remaining shares, subject to certain conditions. In March 2024, Mastercard Foundation began selling shares pursuant to an orderly and structured plan to diversify its Mastercard shares over a seven-year period, while committing to remain a long-term Mastercard stockholder and retaining a significant holding of Mastercard shares in its portfolio. The directors of Mastercard Foundation are required to be independent of us and our customers. The ownership of Class A common stock by Mastercard Foundation, together with the seven-year diversification plan, could discourage or make more difficult acquisition proposals favored by other holders of the Class A common stock. In addition, because Mastercard Foundation intends to sell its shares over an extended period of time, it may not have the same interest in short or medium-term movements in our stock price as, or incentive to approve a corporate action that may be favorable to, our other stockholders.
