Item 1A. Risk Factors.

In addition to the other information set forth in this 2025 Annual Report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.

This report contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and performance. We generally identify forward-looking statements by using words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “project,” “plan,” “predict,” “believe,” “seek,” “continue,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “objective,” “target,” “may,” “might,” “will,” “should,” “can have,” “likely” or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events. Forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions made by management using currently available information. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events.

In particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product and supply chain disruptions, R&D costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, anticipated timing of generic market entries, integration of acquired businesses, anticipated impact or timing of divestitures, interest rates, tax rates, tariffs, changes in tax regime s and laws, impacts of the timing and processing of sales in the International segment, possible impacts of the expected fiscal year alignment o f our subsidiaries operating outside the U.S., foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases an d dividends, government regulation, taxes and financial results. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. However, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if management's underlying beliefs and assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. You should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made.

We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the SEC. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our Form 10-Q and 8-K reports and our other filings with the SEC. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

Risks related to our business and the animal health industry

The animal health industry is highly competitive.

We believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. Our competitors include standalone animal health businesses, start-up companies working in the animal health area and the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies. These competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources or have significant market share in particular areas. As a result, they may be able to devote more resources to researching, developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions, collaborations or other opportunities. In recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation in the animal health industry, which could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, thereby potentially increasing their market share and pricing power, which could lead to an increase in competition and a decrease in our revenue and profitability. We also face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to our products that no longer have patent protection.

To the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any of our products in order to remain competitive, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top-selling products.

There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in animal health research and development, the introduction of new products and indications, business development activities to enhance or refine our product pipeline and the commercialization of our products. There is a high rate of failure inherent in medicine and vaccine discovery and development. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including in later stages after substantial investment and following meaningful cost for manufacturing capabilities and inventory to prepare for launch. Some of our top-selling products or product lines have in the past or may in the future experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects (or an increased frequency of serious, expected adverse events), manufacturing or supply chain disruptions, regulatory proceedings or enforcement, labeling changes, public regulatory communications, other regulatory correspondence, including “Dear Veterinarian” Letters, negative publicity or social media attention, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, or ineffectiveness in connecting with veterinarians and customers and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of competing and/or more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted, perhaps significantly. For example, our five top-selling products and product lines, Simparica/Simparica Trio, Apoquel/Apoquel Chewable, Cytopoint, Librela and our ceftiofur line, contributed approximately 42% of our revenue in 2025, and certain issues with these top-selling products and product lines could have a more significant impact to our results of operations.

Our products are subject to unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns.

Our products generally receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials. After approval and launch, the products are used for longer periods of time by much larger numbers of animals worldwide, which may lead to identifying new safety or efficacy concerns. In addition, we or others may conduct post-marketing clinical studies on efficacy and safety of our marketed products. Unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns have, and could in the future, arise with respect to our products, whether or not scientifically or clinically supported, which have in the past and could in the future lead to product recalls, label changes or other measures that could reduce the product’s market acceptance, public

16 |

regulatory communications, negative publicity or social media attention, withdrawals from the market or suspended or declining sales. Safety issues have, and could in the future, result in costly product liability and other claims. Any of these outcomes could result in material financial, legal, commercial, or reputational harm to our business.

Regulatory actions based on these types of safety, quality or efficacy concerns could impact all or a significant portion of a product’s sales and could, depending on the circumstances, materially adversely affect our operating results.

Since we depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality and efficacy of our products, and animal health products generally, by our customers, veterinarians and end-users, any concerns as to the safety, quality or efficacy of our products, whether actual or perceived, has and in the future may harm our reputation or materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, regardless of whether such concerns are accurate. Public confidence in pharmaceuticals has been challenged in recent years by highly publicized debates about vaccine safety, the spread of misinformation and disinformation on traditional and social media, and increasing skepticism toward public health institutions including animal health institutions. These trends could materially and adversely impact our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize our products.

Our business is subject to risk based on global economic and political conditions.

Macroeconomic, business, political and financial disruptions, including public health crises or pandemics, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Certain of our customers and suppliers may be affected directly by economic downturns and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers or goods from our suppliers. If one or more of our large customers, including distributors, discontinue their relationship with us as a result of economic conditions, public health conditions, sanctions or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. In addition, economic concerns and geopolitical instability may cause shortages in veterinary healthcare workers or some pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary practices or could reduce their willingness to treat pet health conditions or even to continue to own a pet. Moreover, customers may seek lower price alternatives to our products if they are negatively impacted by the current poor economic conditions. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, ongoing conflicts and rising tensions in various parts of the world, economic weakness in China, future pandemics, as well as inflation, are examples of global economic conditions that could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.

Infectious disease outbreaks, pandemics, sanctions, geopolitical instability and widespread fear of spreading disease through human contact can cause disruptions to or negatively impact our customers’, our suppliers’ and our distributors’ business operations, which could materially adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, our exposure to credit and collectability risk is higher in certain international markets, our ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit and collectability risk and have defensive measures in place to prevent and mitigate cyberattacks, there can be no assurances that such procedures and measures will effectively limit such risks and avoid losses.

Generic and other products may be viewed as more cost-effective than our products.

We face competition from products produced by other companies, including generic alternatives to our products. We depend on patents and regulatory data exclusivity periods to provide us with exclusive marketing rights for some of our products. Patents for individual products expire at different times based on the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the countries where such patents are obtained. The extent of protection afforded by our patents varies from country to country and is limited by the scope of the claimed subject matter of our patents, the term of the patent and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies in the applicable country and potential legislative or regulatory changes to the underlying patent framework. As a result, we face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to many of our products that no longer have patent protection. In certain circumstances, our products have become subject to decreased sales and we have been forced to lower our prices and provide discounts or rebates in order to compete with generic products. Generic competitors are becoming more aggressive in terms of launching at risk before patent rights expire and, because of their pricing, are an increasing percentage of overall animal health sales in certain regions. For example, several companies have launched generic versions of our Rimadyl chewable and Draxxin products. In the years since the start of generic and other competition, sales of our Rimadyl chewable and Draxxin products have declined in the U.S., the largest market for these products, by 39% and 66%, respectively.

If animal health customers increase their use of new or existing generic products, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Consolidation of our customers and distributors could negatively affect the pricing of our products.

Veterinarians and livestock producers are our primary customers. In recent years, there has been a trend towards the concentration of veterinarians in large clinics and hospitals. In addition, livestock producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, and our distributors, have seen consolidation in their industries. Furthermore, we have seen the expansion of larger cross-border corporate customers and an increase in the consolidation of buying groups (cooperatives of veterinary practices that leverage volume to pursue discounts from manufacturers). If these trends continue, these customers and distributors could attempt to improve their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. The resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

Changes in distribution channels for companion animal products could negatively impact our market share, margins and distribution of our products.

In most markets, companion animal owners frequently purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. Companion animal owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products and, in some cases, veterinary services from sources other than veterinarians, such as internet-based retailers, “big-box” retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels. Companion animal owners also could decrease their reliance on veterinarians as they rely more on internet-based animal health information. Because we primarily market our companion animal products through the veterinarian distribution channel, any decrease in reliance on veterinarians by companion animal owners could reduce our market share for such products and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, companion animal owners may substitute human health products for animal health products if human health products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives.

17 |

In the U.S. and certain other markets, these and other competitive conditions have increased, and may continue to increase, our reliance on internet-based retailers, “big-box” retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels to sell our companion animal products. Over time we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

An outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals could negatively affect the sale and production of our products.

Sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animal protein. In addition, outbreaks of disease carried by animals may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products due to reduced herd or flock sizes. In recent years, outbreaks of various diseases, including African Swine Fever, avian influenza and highly pathogenic avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (otherwise known as BSE or mad cow disease), New World screwworm, and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (otherwise known as PEDv), have impacted the animal health business. The discovery of additional or more severe cases of any of these, or new diseases may result in additional restrictions on animal proteins, reduced herd sizes, or reduced demand for animal protein, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere.

Disruptive innovations and advances in medical practices and technologies could negatively affect the market for our products.

The market for our products could be impacted negatively by the introduction and/or broad market acceptance of newly-developed or alternative products that address the diseases and conditions for which we sell products, including “green” or “holistic” health products or specially bred disease-resistant animals. In addition, technological breakthroughs by others may obviate our technology and reduce or eliminate the market for our products. Introduction or acceptance of such products or technologies could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Implementing new business lines or offering new products and services may subject us to additional risks.

From time to time, we may implement new business lines or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There may be substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. We may invest significant time and resources in researching, developing, marketing, or acquiring new lines of business and/or offering new products and services. Initial timetables for the introduction and development or acquisition of new lines of business and/or the offering of new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may prove to be unachievable. Our lack of experience or knowledge, as well as external factors, such as compliance with new or evolving regulations, legislative changes, regulatory interactions, competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also impact the success of an acquisition or the implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. New business lines or new products and services within existing lines of business could affect the sales and profitability of existing lines of business or products and services. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the implementation or acquisition of new lines of business or the offering of new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Restrictions and bans on the use of and/or consumer preferences regarding antibacterials in food-producing animals may become more prevalent.

The issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. In some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals. These restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. Our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $713 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

For example, regulations regarding antibiotic usage in animals have been introduced in several markets, including the U.S., the EU, the U.K., China and Vietnam. In addition, certain jurisdictions like Italy have implemented the use of electronic prescriptions, which has caused more disciplined use of antibiotics and decreased the demand for our antibacterial products. Also, in certain markets, there has been an increase in consumer preference towards proteins produced without the use of antibiotics.

We cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals or increased consumer preference for antibiotic-free protein, any of which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Perceived adverse effects linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products or animals generally could cause a decline in the sales of such products.

Our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. If the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of the food derived from animals that utilize our products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. Furthermore, changing consumer preferences and increasing consumer interest in alternatives to animal-based protein and dairy products has driven the growth of plant-based substitutes. Any reputational harm to the livestock industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including our company. Adverse consumer views related to the use of one or more of our products, including vaccines, in livestock also may result in a decrease in the use of such products and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products.

Companies in the livestock industries are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations. If livestock producers are adversely affected by new regulations or changes to existing regulations, they may reduce herd sizes or become less profitable and, as a result, they may reduce their use of our products, which may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Also, many food-producing companies, including livestock producers, benefit from governmental subsidies, and if such subsidies were to be reduced or eliminated, these companies may become less

18 |

profitable and, as a result, may reduce their use of our products. Furthermore, new or more stringent regulations could, directly or indirectly, impact the use of one or more of our products. More stringent regulation of the livestock industry or our products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances or divest businesses.

We pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, due to regulatory constraints or limitations or other unforeseen factors that prevent us from realizing the expected benefits. We may be unable to integrate acquisitions successfully into our existing business, and we may be unable to achieve expected sales, gross margin improvements or efficiencies. We may be subject to litigation or government investigations in connection with, or as a result of, acquisitions, dispositions, licenses or other alliances. While our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions or fines resulting from an acquisition target's previous activities, inadequate controls, or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target’s legacy products. Any of these events could cause us to incur significant expenses and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, sanctions, and other trade restrictions, may adversely affect our business.

The U.S. and other countries in which our products are sourced or sold, or we or our customers do business, may from time to time modify existing or impose new quotas, duties (including antidumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, economic sanctions, export controls, or other restrictions in a manner that adversely affects us. Such measures could limit our ability to register our products, source materials, sell products, or conduct our business in certain markets. While the scope and duration of any existing trade policies remain uncertain, any new tariffs imposed by the U.S. or other governments on our products or the active pharmaceutical ingredients or other components thereof could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.

Current or future tariffs or other restrictive trade measures may raise the costs of raw materials, components or finished goods, which may adversely impact both our product offerings and our operational expenses. Our manufacturers, suppliers and distribution channels may also experience supply chain disruptions as a result of increased costs and uncertainty. Duties are assessed based on import value. Each jurisdiction applies its own rules and procedures for import valuation, increasing the complexity and risk of errors. While we maintain procedures to ensure compliance, there is no guarantee these will prevent all errors, and regulatory changes may heighten this risk.

Additional tariffs and other trade restrictions could result in a negative perception and/or an increased cost of goods and higher prices which may reduce demand for products and services, or extended sales cycles as customers assess the impact of evolving trade policies on their operations and face increased costs or decreased revenue. Additionally, a number of our customers, particularly U.S.-based livestock producers, benefit from free trade agreements, the loss of which could impact their operating results and spending power. Tariff and other trade-related cost pressures and supply chain disruptions may lead to reputational harm if we are unable to deliver products or services on expected timelines or if any price increases are poorly received by customers or business partners.

In addition, retaliatory trade policies or anti-U.S. sentiment in certain regions whether driven by trade tensions, political disagreements or regulatory concerns may make customers, governments and investors more hesitant to engage with, purchase from or invest in U.S. companies. This may lead to increased preference for local competitors, changes to government procurement policies or heightened regulatory scrutiny, which may result in heightened operational risks and difficulties for us in attracting and retaining non-U.S. customers, suppliers, partners and investors.

Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions, natural disasters and the availability of natural resources.

Adverse weather events and natural disasters may interfere with and negatively impact operations at our manufacturing sites, research and development facilities and office buildings, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, especially if such interruptions to regular operations are frequent or prolonged.

Weather conditions, including excessive cold or heat, natural disasters, floods, droughts and other events, could negatively impact our livestock customers by impairing the health or growth of their animals or the production or availability of feed. Such events could also interfere with our livestock customers’ operations due to power outages, fuel shortages, damage to their farms or facilities or disruption of transportation channels, among other things. In the event of a natural disaster, adverse weather conditions, or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians or livestock producers may purchase less of our products and our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

In addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to animals under their care. Veterinarians’ patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience natural disasters or adverse weather conditions, including floods, fires, earthquakes and hurricanes or other storms, or prolonged snow or ice, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather.

Climate change could have a material adverse impact on our and our customers’ businesses.

We operate in many regions, countries and communities around the world where our businesses, our activities and the activities of our customers and suppliers, could be disrupted by climate change. Potential physical risks from climate change may include altered distribution and intensity of rainfall, prolonged droughts or flooding, increased frequency of wildfires and other natural disasters, rising sea levels, and a rising heat index, any of which could cause negative impacts to our and our customers’ and suppliers’ businesses. The physical changes caused by climate change may also prompt changes in regulations or consumer preferences which in turn could have negative consequences for our and our customers’ businesses. Climate change may negatively impact our customers’ operations, particularly those in the livestock industry, through climate-related impacts such as increased air and water temperatures, rising water levels and increased incidence of disease in livestock. In addition, concerns regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other potential environmental impacts from livestock production have led to some consumers opting to limit or avoid consuming animal products. If such events affect our customers’ businesses, they may purchase fewer Zoetis products, and our revenues may be negatively impacted. Such climate driven changes could have a material adverse impact on the financial performance of our business, and on our customers.

19 |

The impacts from climate change may also impact Zoetis’ and our suppliers’ manufacturing processes. For example, clean water is needed to produce our products, and the effects from climate change could result in water supply interruptions and low water quality. In addition, increased frequency of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions as a result of climate change may disrupt our manufacturing processes or our supply chain. These disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

Our business is subject to risk based on customer exposure to rising costs and reduced customer income.

Concerns about the financial resources of pet owners could cause veterinarians to alter their treatment recommendation in favor of lower-cost alternatives to our products. Also, feed, fuel and transportation and other key costs for livestock producers may increase or animal protein prices or sales may decrease. These trends could result in a decrease in sales of our companion animal products, especially in developed countries where there is a higher rate of pet ownership, inhibit our livestock product customers from paying us for products delivered or reduce spending on our products.

Our business may be harmed if we are unable to retain and hire executive officers or other key personnel.

We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and certain key personnel, including research, technical, legal and regulatory, sales, security, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. From time to time there may be shortages of skilled labor, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified employees or lead to increased labor costs. In addition, we generally do not enter into employment agreements with our executive officers and other key personnel. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, we may not be able to maintain or expand our operations, or our business could be otherwise adversely affected and could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

Our business could be adversely affected by labor disputes, strikes or work stoppages.

Some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in certain jurisdictions, including the U.S. As a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters. We may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on similar or more favorable terms and may experience work stoppages or other labor problems in the future at our sites. We could experience a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor and other operational costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, potentially resulting in canceled orders by customers, delays in fulfilling orders, unanticipated inventory accumulation or shortages and reduced revenue and net income. We may also experience difficulty or delays in implementing changes to our workforce in certain markets. In addition, labor problems at our suppliers, CMOs or other service providers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We may be required to write down goodwill or identifiable intangible assets.

Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), if we determine goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down these assets and record a non-cash impairment charge. As of December 31, 2025, we had goodwill of $2.8 billion and identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization, of $1.0 billion. Identifiable intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology rights, brands, trademarks, license agreements, patents, acquired customer relationships and in-process R&D.

Determining whether an impairment exists and the amount of the potential impairment involves quantitative data and qualitative criteria that are based on estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment. Future events or new information may change management's valuation of an intangible asset in a short amount of time. The timing and amount of impairment charges recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Income and write-downs recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets could vary if management's conclusions change. Any impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.

Risks related to manufacturing and supply

Manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs.

In order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. On December 31, 2025, we had a global manufacturing network consisting of 21 manufacturing sites located in 10 countries. We also employ a network of over 90 third-party CMOs. Many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites.

Minor deviations in our or our suppliers' manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. In addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including:

• the failure of us or any of our vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines, including any changes to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs);

• the failure to accurately forecast demand for our products;

• mislabeling;

• construction delays;

• equipment malfunctions;

• shortages of materials;

• labor problems, including any pandemic-related impacts;

• delays in receiving any required governmental authorizations or regulatory approvals, including as a result of any prolonged shutdown of the U.S. government;

• natural disasters and adverse weather conditions;

• power outages;

• criminal and terrorist activities;

20 |

• changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and

• the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases at or near our production sites.

These interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic we experienced challenges in manufacturing certain products including Simparica Trio, and the component parts of certain products including Librela and Solensia, that have impacted our ability to meet customer demand. As a result, we had to take certain measures including placing limits on the amounts of product veterinarians could purchase and delayed the launch of the product in certain markets.

Our manufacturing network, including our CMOs, may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. In addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain.

We rely on third parties to provide us with products, materials and services, and are subject to increased labor and material costs and potential disruptions in supply.

Labor costs and the materials used to manufacture our products may be subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by changes in demand, weather conditions, supply conditions, government regulations, evolving trade policies (including the imposition of tariffs), economic climate and other factors. Increases in the demand for, availability, or the price of materials used to manufacture our products and increases in labor costs could increase the costs to manufacture our products, result in product delivery delays or shortages, and impact our ability to launch new products on a timely basis or at all. We may not be able to pass all or a material portion of any higher product, material, transportation or labor costs on to our customers, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Certain third-party suppliers may be the sole or exclusive source of certain products, materials and services necessary for production of our products. We may be unable to meet demand for certain of our products if any of our third-party suppliers cease or interrupt operations due to, among other things, escalating tensions or trade disputes in their region, restrictions on the import/export of goods or services, contract manufacturing or supply chain disruptions due to financial distress, our failure to mutually agree on contract terms, or some other failure of a contractor or supplier to meet their obligations to us. In such a case, we may be required to renegotiate the terms of our agreement or pursue a strategic transaction or other alternative arrangement with that supplier or others, which may result in increased cost to produce our products or supply disruption.

There may be delays and additional costs due to changes to our existing manufacturing facilities and the construction of new manufacturing plants.

As part of our supply network strategy, we have invested and will continue to invest in improvements to our existing manufacturing facilities and in new manufacturing plants. In addition, certain of our existing manufacturing facilities are in the process of being upgraded. These types of projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project, and require licensure and/or inspection by various regulatory authorities. Significant cost overruns or delays in completing these projects could have an adverse effect on our return on investment.

Risks related to our research and development

Our R&D, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations.

Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to R&D, both through our own dedicated resources and through collaborations with third parties.

We may be unable to determine with accuracy when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched, or we may be unable to develop, license or otherwise acquire product candidates or products. In addition, we cannot predict whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful or will achieve sales and revenue that are consistent with our expectations. The animal health industry is subject to regional and local trends and regulations and, as a result, products that are successful in some of our markets may not achieve similar success when introduced into new markets. Furthermore, the timing and cost of our R&D may increase, and our R&D may become less predictable. If we are unable to generate new products or expand the use of our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.

New product R&D leverages discoveries of pharmaceutical and biotechnology R&D. We have and expect to continue to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties to provide us with access to molecules, compounds and other technology for purposes of our business. Such agreements are typically complex and require time to negotiate and implement. If we enter into these arrangements, we may not be able to maintain these relationships or establish new ones in the future on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, any collaboration that we enter into may not be successful, and the success may depend on the efforts and actions of our collaborators, which we may not be able to control. If we are unable to access these technologies to conduct R&D on cost-effective terms, our ability to develop some types of new products could be limited.

We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products.

New products may appear promising in development but fail to reach the market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. In addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved by government regulators. Developing and commercializing new products subjects us to inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) delayed or denied regulatory approvals or label changes, (ii) delays or challenges with producing products in accordance with regulatory requirements, on a commercial scale and at a reasonable cost; (iii) failure to accurately predict the market for new products; and (iv) efficacy, quality and safety concerns. In addition, a failure to continue to identify and develop products, both internally and through external sources, could impact our future success. Once necessary regulatory approvals are obtained, the commercial success of any new product depends upon, among other things, its acceptance by veterinarians and end customers, and on our ability to successfully manufacture, market,

21 |

and distribute products in sufficient quantities to meet actual demand. The inability to successfully bring a product to market could negatively impact our revenues and earnings.

Our R&D relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional restrictive regulations.

The evaluation of our existing and new medicines and vaccines for animals is required in order to develop and commercialize them. Animal testing in certain countries and states has been the subject of increased regulation, controversy and adverse publicity. Our licenses or permits for animal testing could be revoked or put on hold due to animal welfare events that may occur. Some organizations and individuals have attempted to ban or limit animal testing or encourage the adoption of additional, and burdensome regulations applicable to animal testing and animal welfare at both federal and state levels. To the extent that the activities of such organizations and individuals are successful, our R&D, and by extension our operating results and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. In addition, negative publicity about us or our industry could impact R&D projected timelines or harm our reputation or the reputation of our contract research organizations.

Risks related to legal matters and regulation

Our business is subject to substantial regulation.

As a global company, we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations, including but not limited to, regulations relating to the research, development, quality assurance, manufacturing, data protection, environmental protection, importation, exportation, distribution, marketing and sale of our products, including our in vitro diagnostic products used in human health. In addition, our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, the USDA and foreign equivalents. Our failure, or the failure of third parties we rely on, including CMOs, to comply with these regulatory requirements, allegations of such non-compliance or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in, among other things, inspectional observation notices, label changes, untitled or warning letters or other public regulatory communications or correspondence, including "Dear Veterinarian" letters, fines, a partial or total shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while an alleged violation is remediated, withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market, product seizures, injunctions and civil or criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. Any one of these consequences could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, we cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, or changes in tax laws and tariffs, nor can we determine the effect that additional laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have on our business when and if promulgated. Changes in applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

In addition, we will not be able to market new products unless and until we have obtained all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we propose to market those products. Delays by government agencies in approving new products or product upgrades or taking action with respect to other regulatory matters could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. The ability of government agencies to review and approve new products or product upgrades or take other actions can be affected by various factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key and other personnel, staffing shortages, public health emergencies, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption of normal business operations occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the USDA, FDA, EPA and other agencies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, including with respect to new product candidates, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Even after a product reaches market, it may be subject to re-review and may lose its registrations or approvals. We have changed, and may in the future change, the locations of where certain of our products are manufactured and, because of these changes, we may be required to obtain new regulatory approvals. Our failure to obtain approvals, delays in the approval process, including any delays in the United States resulting from federal workforce reductions or hiring freezes, federal agency reorganizations or deregulatory efforts, or any prolonged shutdown of the U.S. government, or our failure to maintain approvals in any jurisdiction, may prevent us from selling products in that jurisdiction until approval or reapproval is obtained, if ever.

The OFAC at the U.S. Treasury Department and the Bureau of Industry and Security at the U.S. Department of Commerce (BIS), The Council of the EU and similar agencies in other countries and territories, administer certain laws and regulations that restrict its persons and, in some instances, extraterritorial persons, in conducting activities, transacting business with or making investments in certain countries, governments, entities and individuals subject to economic sanctions. Our international operations subject us to these laws and regulations, which are complex, restrict our business dealings with certain countries, governments, entities, and individuals, and are constantly changing. For example, we sell limited humanitarian animal health products, including medicines and vaccines, to Russia and Iran. Although we believe such activities are in compliance with economic sanctions affecting these countries, violations of sanctions regulations may be punishable by civil penalties, including fines, denial of export privileges, injunctions, asset seizures, debarment from government contracts and revocations or restrictions of licenses, as well as criminal fines and imprisonment, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees and agents or operational difficulties arising from counterparties or other intermediaries.

A failure to comply with the environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which we are subject, including any permits issued thereunder, may result in environmental remediation costs, loss of permits, public regulatory communications or announcements, fines, penalties or other adverse governmental or private actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial measures. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental, health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

There has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulation aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. Such regulations apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or could have interests in the future. The EU adopted the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) that will require disclosure by EU entities, including certain EU subsidiaries of non-EU entities, regarding the risks and opportunities arising from environmental, social and corporate governance issues, and on the impact of companies' activities on people and the environment. Similarly, the State of California passed the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act that imposes broad climate-related disclosure obligations on certain

22 |

companies doing business in California, including us. Any new regulation could result in additional costs in the form of investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations and taxes. Climate change regulation continues to evolve, and it is not possible to accurately estimate the timing for the emergence of new regulation, their scope or our future costs relating to implementation and compliance.

We are also subject to chemical regulation in the United States and internationally. For example, governmental authorities in the EU and the United States are increasingly focused on preventing environmental contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), which may be contained in certain of our products or product packaging. Federal and state governments and regulatory agencies, like the European Chemicals Agency, are in various stages of considering and/or implementing laws and regulations requiring the reporting, restriction and/or phase-out of PFAS-containing products (subject to applicable product exceptions).

Furthermore, we cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, or changes in tax laws and tariffs, nor can we determine the effect that additional laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have on our business when and if promulgated. Changes in applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We may incur substantial costs and receive adverse outcomes in litigation and/or other legal matters.

Our operating results, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable results in pending or future litigation matters. In addition, changes in the interpretations of laws and regulations to which we are subject, or in legal standards in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase our exposure to liability. For example, in the U.S., attempts have been made to allow damages for emotional distress and pain and suffering in connection with the loss of, or injury to, a companion animal. If such attempts were successful, our exposure with respect to product liability claims could increase materially. We also sell certain in vitro diagnostic products used in human health that could increase the scope of our liability.

Litigation matters, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, are costly, divert management's attention and may materially adversely affect our reputation and demand for our products. We cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of pending or future litigation matters. An adverse outcome of litigation or legal matters could result in our being responsible for significant damages. Any of these negative effects resulting from litigation matters could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

The illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products or of stolen, diverted or relabeled products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.

Third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products that do not meet the exacting standards of our development, manufacturing and distribution processes. Counterfeit or illegally compounded medicines pose a significant risk to animal health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured and the lack of regulation of their contents. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or illegally compounded products which are alleged to be equivalent and/or which are sold under our brand name. We are aware of at least one pharmacy in Brazil that may be engaged in the practice of illegally compounding oclacitinib, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our Apoquel product. We are also aware of some counterfeit versions of our Simparica and Apoquel products in Brazil and are coordinating with the local authorities. In addition, products stolen or unlawfully diverted from inventory, warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored or which have an expired shelf life and which have been repackaged or relabeled and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact animal health and safety, our reputation and our business. Public loss of confidence in the integrity of vaccines and/or pharmaceutical products as a result of counterfeiting, illegally compounding or theft could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.

The misuse or off-label use of our products may harm our reputation or result in financial or other damages.

Our products have been approved for use under specific circumstances for the treatment of certain diseases and conditions in specific species. There may be increased risk of product liability claims and other liability if veterinarians, livestock producers, pet owners or others attempt to use our products off-label, including the use of our products in species (including humans) for which they have not been approved. In addition, certain of our products are regulated by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as controlled substances because of their potential to be misused or abused by humans, which could expose us to liability. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those indications for which our products have been approved may not be effective, which could harm our reputation and lead to an increased risk of litigation. If we are deemed by a governmental or regulatory agency to have engaged in the promotion of any of our products for off-label use, such agency could request that we modify our training or promotional materials and practices and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation and position within the industry. Additionally, if we fail to maintain effective controls against diversion of our products that are classified as controlled substances, we could be subject to significant fines and penalties as well as reputational damage. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Our operations and reputation may be impacted if we do not comply with complex and continually evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy information and the use of AI.

We collect, store and use personal data of our customers, employees and suppliers, including sensitive personal data, such as health information in our human health business, in a variety of ways. In addition, we continue to invest in data and digital capabilities and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio. Our customers, employees and suppliers expect that we will adequately protect their data.

Our collection, use, processing, retention, storage, disclosure, transfer, security and sharing of personal data is subject to a variety of data privacy laws and regulations in the United States and other jurisdictions globally where we operate. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving as regulators continue to adopt new measures addressing data privacy. Moreover, the interpretation and application of existing data protection laws and regulations are uncertain and may be inconsistent with our existing data management practices.

As a global company, we are faced with the challenge of how to manage a patchwork of laws, rules, regulations and industry standards, including, but not limited to, a growing number of U.S state privacy laws, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation, the U.K.'s General Data Protection Regulation, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, China’s Personal Information Protection Law and India's Digital Personal data Protection (DPDP) Act.

23 |

These laws and regulations vary across countries, are complex and can be subject to significant change. Any new laws or regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, or the interpretation or application of laws and regulations may impact our business operations, including our ability to effectively transfer data across borders. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these current and future laws could result in significant consequences for Zoetis. This could include substantial fines and penalties, regulatory investigations, and civil lawsuits with damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business. In addition, with the growing number of new privacy, cybersecurity and AI laws and regulatory requirements, the costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements are significant and likely to increase in the future.

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to sustainability matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation.

Our Driven to Care sustainability program includes various aspirations and goals. These goal statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we, or third parties we rely on, including CMOs, will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include: (i) the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, (ii) evolving regulatory requirements and rulings affecting sustainability standards or disclosures, (iii) our ability to recruit, develop and retain talent in our labor markets, (iv) our ability to rely on third-party CMOs to incorporate appropriate sustainability actions, and (v) the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or operations.

The standards for tracking and reporting on sustainability matters and continue to evolve. Our processes and controls may not always align with evolving standards for identifying, measuring and reporting sustainability metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards that may be required by the SEC, EU and other regulators may differ from those of others and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. If our sustainability practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquirer could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation.

Risks related to information technology

We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyberattacks, ransomware attacks, phishing attempts, social engineering schemes and other technology enabled threats, breaches of security, data loss or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of sensitive, personal, confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.

Our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems and digital solutions make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack, which have evolved in frequency and sophistication. In addition, we have been investing in data and digital capabilities, including incorporating the use of certain AI capabilities into the development of new technologies and products, and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio, and as a result, there could be an increased likelihood of a cyberattack, ransomware attacks, phishing attempts, social engineering schemes and other technology enabled threats, that could negatively impact us, our third-party partners or our customers. Cyberattacks, ransomware attacks, phishing attempts, social engineering schemes and other technology enabled threats are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, including through the use of AI and have become increasingly difficult to detect; and could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. In addition, despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we (or our third-party partners) may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromise of sensitive, proprietary, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems or networks, unauthorized access, theft, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information (including confidential business information, proprietary information, trade secrets, intellectual property and corporate strategic plans), defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions.

In support of our flexible work environment, many of our workforce work either part-time or full-time remotely, which could increase risks associated with cybersecurity, phishing attempts, information technology and systems which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

The security measures we implement may not always be effective, and our assessment of and response to security events may be inadequate. The costs imposed on us because of a cyberattack, ransomware attacks, phishing attempts, social engineering schemes, and other technology enabled threats or network disruption could be significant. Among others, such costs could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures, insurance premiums, litigation, regulatory investigations, ransomware payments, penalties, fines, and sanctions, lost revenues from business interruption, damage to the public’s perception regarding our ability to keep our information secure and significant remediation costs. As a result, cyberattacks, ransomware attacks, phishing attempts, social engineering schemes, and other technology enabled threats, or network disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.

We depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure.

We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

24 |

In addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems and are currently in the process of a multi-year implementation process to update our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to a new fully cloud-based system. These third parties include large established vendors, as well as many small, privately owned companies. Failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

The current transition of our ERP system is a multi-year implementation process; transitioning to new systems, integrating new systems into current systems or any disruptions or malfunctions (including from circumstances beyond our control) affecting our information systems could cause critical information upon which we rely to be delayed, unreliable, corrupted, insufficient or inaccessible. Costs and risks inherent in this transition may include disruptions to business continuity, administrative and technical problems, interruptions or delays in sales processes, manufacturing or R&D processes, expenditure overruns, payment delays, and data migration issues. If we do not properly address or mitigate these issues, they could result in increased costs and diversion of resources, negatively impacting our operating results and ability to effectively manage our business. Any of these potential issues, individually or in aggregation, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites.

In many markets around the world, such as the U.S. and Brazil, we provide online ordering sites to customers, often relying on third parties to host and support the application. The operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. Problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation.

We use machine learning and AI in various business operations, and inability to successfully monitor and manage its use could result in operational, competitive or reputational harm, regulatory enforcement, and legal liability.

We incorporate (and expect to continue incorporating) AI capabilities in the development of new technologies and products and continue to expand the use of AI in our business and operations. Generative AI technologies are new and rapidly evolving technologies that could deliver significant benefits, but also present a number of operational, compliance, ethical, and reputational risks. AI algorithms are currently known to sometimes generate, among other things, irrelevant, nonsensical, deficient, factually inaccurate, biased or infringing content and results. In addition, if the manners in which we deploy and use AI become controversial, we may experience reputational harm to our brand, competitive harm or legal liability. In addition, we are subject to a growing number of cybersecurity and AI safety laws in markets in which we operate. For example, some of our European operations are subject to NIS2 which imposes cybersecurity requirements on “essential entities.” The EU AI Act prohibits certain AI systems that are categorized as “High Risk,” and requires certain disclosures about the use of AI tools. In the United States, there are emerging state AI laws and regulations that may impose additional requirements and restrictions in connection with the use of AI systems, including their use for "high risk" or "consequential" decision making. These rapidly changing regulatory complexities may increase our compliance costs. Moreover, there is risk that confidential information, including material non-public information, trade secrets or personal identifiable information, is input into AI applications, resulting in such information becoming accessible by third parties, including our competitors.

The use of AI tools in the development of new technologies and products presents significant IP challenges. Determining IP ownership for AI-generated content remains uncertain in some jurisdictions. Also, AI tools might also unintentionally access or use third party IP or generate output infringing, thereby heightening exposure to IP claims and disputes. Inventions or works of authorship created using AI may be based on or contain, materials that were used in the training of such AI technologies and are identical or similar to third-party intellectual property, which could further limit our ability to obtain intellectual property protection in such inventions or works of authorship.

Our competitors may incorporate AI into their operations more quickly or effectively than we do or with more successful outcomes. Additionally, we may not be able to attract or retain the necessary talent to support our AI technology investment or maintain our systems, which may affect our ability to remain competitive. Disruption or failure of our AI systems, or those of various third parties on whom we rely on, could lead to delays and operational challenges, as well as compliance and reputational issues which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks related to operating in foreign jurisdictions

A significant portion of our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions, including jurisdictions presenting a high risk of bribery and corruption, and are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in which we do business.

Our international operations could be limited or disrupted by any of the following:

• volatility in the international financial markets;

• difficulties enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights;

• theft or compromise of technology, data and intellectual property;

• parallel trade in our products (importation of our products from EU countries where our products are sold at lower prices into EU countries where the products are sold at higher prices);

• compliance with a wide variety of potentially changing and conflicting laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-bribery and corruption-related laws globally;

• political and social instability, including crime, civil disturbance, terrorist activities and armed conflicts;

• trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities, including restrictions administered by OFAC and the EU, in relation to our products or the products of farmers and other customers (e.g., restrictions on the importation of agricultural products from the EU to Russia);

• government limitations on foreign ownership or government takeover or nationalization of our business;

• imposition of anti-dumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions;

25 |

• costs and difficulties and compliance risks in staffing, managing and monitoring international operations, including the use of overseas third-party goods and service providers;

• longer payment cycles and increased exposure to counterparty risk; and

• additional limitations on transferring personal information between countries or other restrictions on the processing of personal information.

While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any of them could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Changes in any of these laws, regulations or requirements, or the political environment in a particular country, may affect our ability to engage in business transactions in certain markets, including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings.

Foreign exchange rate fluctuations and potential currency controls affect our results of operations, as reported in our financial statements.

We conduct operations in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. In 2025, we generated approximately 42% of our revenue in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, principally the euro, Brazilian real, Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar and Chinese renminbi. We are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenue. In addition, because our financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates, including changes in countries with highly inflationary economies, between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. Although the Company employs a variety of techniques to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations, there cannot be a guarantee that such hedging and risk management strategies will be effective, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.

We also face risks arising from currency devaluations and the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. Cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. We currently have substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including China, and, if we were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our investments in emerging markets and are subject to certain risks due to our presence in emerging markets, including political or economic instability and failure to adequately comply with legal and regulatory requirements.

We have been taking steps to increase our presence in emerging markets. Failure to continue to maintain and expand our business in emerging markets could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

Some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of local, regional or global economic, political or social instability or crisis. Furthermore, we have also experienced lower than expected sales in certain emerging markets due to local, regional and global restrictions on banking and commercial activities in those countries. In addition, certain emerging markets have currencies that fluctuate substantially, which may impact our financial performance. For example, in the past, our revenue in certain emerging markets in Latin America has been adversely impacted by currency fluctuations and devaluations.

In addition, certain emerging markets have legal systems that are less developed or familiar to us. Compliance with myriad legal requirements is costly and time-consuming and requires significant resources. In the event we believe or have reason to believe our employees have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to investigation costs, potential penalties and other related costs which in turn could negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations.

Risks related to tax matters

The Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.

The multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. The company’s future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.

For example, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) is continuing to work on fundamental changes in the allocation of profits among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business (Pillar One), as well as the implementation of a global minimum tax (Pillar Two). Global minimum tax legislation has been proposed and/or enacted in various jurisdictions. These two pillars combined represent a significant change in the international tax regime, and there is risk of an adverse impact to our effective tax rate as legislation becomes effective in countries in which we do business. We continue to monitor pending OECD guidance and legislation enactment and implementation by individual countries.

In addition, our effective tax rate is subject to potential risks that various taxing authorities may challenge the pricing of our cross-border arrangements and subject us to additional tax, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and our tax liability. The company is also subject to the examination of its tax positions, tax returns and other tax matters by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. For example, as disclosed in Note 8. Tax Matters , in September 2024, the IRS issued a Revenue Agent Report related to the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax. Based on current facts and circumstances, we disagree with the IRS' position and will defend our position taken on the 2018 U.S. Federal Income Tax return, however, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of this or other examinations. If the company’s effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the U.S. or other material foreign jurisdictions, or if the company's tax positions are either not sustained upon examination or only partially sustained, the company’s operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.

26 |

Risks related to intellectual property

The alleged intellectual property rights of third parties may negatively affect our business.

A third party may sue us, our distributors or licensors, or otherwise make a claim, alleging infringement, misappropriation or other violation of the third-party's patents, trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names or other intellectual property rights. The costs of defending an intellectual property action are often substantial and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, even if we successfully defend such action. Moreover, even if we believe that we do not infringe a validly existing third-party patent, we may choose to obtain a license to such patent, which would result in associated costs and obligations. We may also incur costs in connection with an obligation to compensate a distributor, licensor or other third party. The intellectual property positions of animal health medicines and vaccines businesses frequently involve complex legal and factual questions. We cannot guarantee that a competitor or other third party does not have or will not obtain rights to intellectual property that, in the absence of a license, may prevent us from manufacturing, developing or marketing certain of our products, regardless of whether we believe such intellectual property rights are valid and enforceable, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.

If our intellectual property rights are challenged or circumvented, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts.

Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret, data protection, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. In addition, many of our vaccine products and other products are based on or incorporate proprietary information, including proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations.

However, we may not have sufficient protection or such protection might not be granted to us by the appropriate regulatory authority in every country where our products are available. If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. The validity, enforceability, scope and effective term of our intellectual property can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, policy, regulatory and factual questions and proceedings that differ between jurisdictions. Our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights also depends on the laws, policies and regulations of individual countries and each country's practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights. In addition, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, including because such agreements expire or are terminated, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We are regularly party to patent litigation and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming, and if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business and financial condition. Any claims relating to these issues, whether meritorious or not, could cause us to enter into costly litigation or settlements, potentially including royalty arrangements, awards of monetary damages or orders limiting our ability to sell our products. We may also be required to enter into licensing agreements as a result of such claims, which may be on terms that are unfavorable to us. Any of these circumstances could divert the attention of management and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial situation.

Risks related to our indebtedness

We have substantial indebtedness.

We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $9.2 billion of total unsecured indebtedness outstanding related to our senior notes and convertible senior notes. In addition, we currently have agreements for a $1.25 billion multi-year revolving credit facility and a $1.0 billion commercial paper program. While we currently do not have any amounts drawn under the credit facility nor any commercial paper issued under the commercial paper program, we may incur indebtedness under these arrangements in the future.

We may incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we do so, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. Specifically, our high level of debt could have important consequences, including:

• making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;

• limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, business development or other general corporate requirements, including dividends;

• increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

• exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings may in the future be at variable rates of interest;

• limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the animal health industry;

• placing us at a competitive disadvantage to other, less leveraged competitors;

• impacting our effective tax rate; and

• increasing our cost of borrowing.

In addition, the instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default, which could result in the acceleration of all our debt.

Our credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in our senior notes. Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect the market prices of our securities and increase our borrowing costs.

27 |

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness.

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of material assets or operations, alter our dividend policy, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.

In addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. In the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.

Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or pay dividends on our common stock.

We may not have the funds necessary to finance the change of control offer required by the indenture governing our senior notes.

Upon the occurrence of a change of control of Zoetis and a downgrade below investment grade by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. and S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior notes. However, we may not have sufficient funds available at the time of the change of control to finance the required change of control offer or restrictions in our then-existing debt instruments will not allow such repurchases. Our failure to purchase the senior notes as required under the indenture would result in a default under the indenture, which could have material adverse consequences for us and the holders of the senior notes.

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of our convertible senior notes in cash, or to repurchase the convertible senior notes upon a fundamental change, and our existing debt contains, and future debt may contain, limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the convertible senior notes.

Holders of the convertible senior notes have the right, subject to certain conditions and limited exceptions, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their convertible senior notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the convertible senior notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the convertible senior notes, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the convertible senior notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of the convertible senior notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to the convertible senior notes being converted. In addition, our existing debt does not permit repurchase of the convertible senior notes upon a fundamental change and our ability to repurchase the convertible senior notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the convertible senior notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase the convertible senior notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the convertible senior notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the convertible senior notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof.

The conditional conversion feature of our convertible senior notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

In the event the conditional conversion feature of the convertible senior notes is triggered, holders of convertible senior notes will be entitled to convert the convertible senior notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their convertible senior notes, we would be required to settle any converted principal amount of such convertible senior notes through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their convertible senior notes, we would be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the convertible senior notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.

Conversion of our convertible senior notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.

The conversion of some or all of the convertible senior notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the convertible senior notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the convertible senior notes being converted. If we elect to settle the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the convertible senior notes being converted in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the convertible senior notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the convertible senior notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the convertible senior notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.

28 |

Risks related to our relationship with Pfizer

Pfizer's rights as licensor under the patent and know-how license could limit our ability to develop and commercialize certain products.

Under the Patent and Know-How License Agreement (Pfizer as licensor) Pfizer licenses to us certain of its intellectual property. If we fail to comply with our obligations under this license agreement and Pfizer exercises its right to terminate it, our ability to continue to research, develop and commercialize products incorporating that intellectual property will be limited. In addition, in circumstances where Pfizer has an interest in the licensed intellectual property in connection with its human health development programs, our rights to use the licensed intellectual property are restricted and/or, in limited instances, subject to Pfizer's right to terminate such license at will. These limitations and termination rights may make it more difficult, time-consuming or expensive for us to develop and commercialize certain new products, or may result in our products being later to market than those of our competitors.

We are dependent on Pfizer to prosecute, maintain and enforce certain intellectual property.

Under the Patent and Know-How License Agreement, Pfizer is responsible for filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents that Pfizer licenses to us. In the animal health field, Pfizer has the first right, and in some cases the sole right, to enforce such licensed patents, and in the human health field, subject to certain exceptions, Pfizer has the sole right to enforce the licensed patents. If Pfizer fails to fulfill its obligations or chooses to not enforce the licensed patents under this agreement, we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competitive products, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
