Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

A significant portion of our revenue and costs are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. In addition, our outstanding borrowings may be subject to risk from changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. The overall objective of our financial risk management program is to seek to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate movements and interest rate movements on our earnings. We manage these financial exposures through operational means and by using certain financial instruments. These practices may change as economic conditions change.

Foreign exchange risk

Our primary net foreign currency translation exposures are the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi and euro. We seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through operational means, including managing same-currency revenue in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities.

We use foreign exchange derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreign subsidiaries. These foreign exchange derivative instruments serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from certain of our foreign operations.

Our foreign exchange derivative instruments at December 31, 2025 were analyzed to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. If the U.S. dollar were to strengthen or weaken against all other currencies by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to our net investment hedge would increase or decrease, respectively, by approximately $112 million. The change in value recorded to CTA would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our investment in foreign subsidiaries. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements— Note 9. Financial Instruments : B. Derivative Financial Instruments .

Foreign exchange risk is also managed through the use of foreign currency forward-exchange contracts. These contracts are used to offset the potential earnings effects from mostly intercompany short-term foreign currency assets and liabilities that arise from operations but are not designated as hedges.

Our foreign currency forward-exchange contracts at December 31, 2025 were analyzed to determine their sensitivity to foreign exchange rate changes. If the U.S. dollar were to strengthen or weaken against all other currencies by 10%, the fair value of these contracts would decrease or increase, respectively, by $53 million. The foreign currency gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in Other (income)/deductions-net . See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements— Note 9. Financial Instruments: B. Derivative Financial Instruments .

Interest rate risk

Our outstanding debt balances are predominantly fixed rate debt. While changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on our fixed rate debt, interest on our commercial paper and revolving credit facility will be exposed to interest rate fluctuations. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025, because we held certain interest rate swap agreements that have the economic effect of modifying the fixed-interest obligations associated with our 3.900% Senior Notes due 2028 and our 2.00% Senior Notes due 2030, a portion of the fixed-rate interest payable on these senior notes effectively became variable based on SOFR. At December 31, 2025, there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding and no outstanding principal balance under our revolving credit facility.

By entering into the aforementioned swap arrangements, we have assumed risks associated with variable interest rates based upon SOFR. Changes in the overall level of interest rates affect the interest expense that we recognize in our Consolidated Statements of Income. An interest rate risk sensitivity analysis is used to measure interest rate risk by computing estimated changes in cash flows as a result of assumed changes in market interest rates. As of December 31, 2025, if SOFR-based interest rates would have been higher by 100 basis points, the change would have increased our interest expense annually by approximately $3 million, as it relates to our fixed to floating interest rate swap agreements. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements— Note 9. Financial Instruments .

At December 31, 2025, our cash equivalents were primarily invested in money market funds. Interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate.

53 |
