Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

YEAR IN REVIEW

The Company had a record full year revenue performance in 2025, producing operating revenues of $28.1 billion, due in part to continued strong domestic travel demand, as well as the execution of transformational initiatives, which has resulted in strong financial performance and driven incremental Shareholder value.

The Company recorded results for 2025 and 2024, on an accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") and non-GAAP basis, as noted in the following tables. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures.

The Company's operating income, as shown above on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased compared to the same prior year period primarily driven by revenue initiatives, including the Company's policy change related to certain Customers' first and second checked bags that became effective May 28, 2025. This increase was combined with outperformance of cost reduction goals and lower year-over-year Fuel and oil expense primarily driven by lower jet fuel prices, partially offset by higher salaries, wages, and benefits expense. Despite the negative impacts to bookings and travel associated with the government shutdown during a portion of fourth quarter 2025, the Company earned an outsized portion of its 2025 operating income during the period. On a GAAP basis, the Company achieved in excess of 90 percent, and on a non-GAAP basis, achieved in excess of 70 percent, of its annual operating income during the fourth quarter of the year, both primarily as a result of the ramp-up of its transformational and revenue initiatives over the course of the year. The Company's net income, as shown above on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for the year ended December 31, 2025, decreased compared to the same prior year period primarily due to a decrease in interest income driven by a lower cash and investment balance. Additionally, on a GAAP basis, the Company’s results for the year ended December 31, 2024, included a reversal of $116 million of breakage revenue recorded in prior years related to a portion of flight credits issued to Customers during 2022 and prior that either were redeemed or are expected to be redeemed in future periods. The majority of these flight credits were issued during the COVID-19 pandemic as the Company was making significant changes to its flight schedules based on fluctuating demand. This adjustment was treated as a special item and excluded from the Company's presentation of non-GAAP results. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures.

Operating Statistics

The Company provides the operating data below for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 because these statistics are commonly used in the airline industry and, therefore, allow readers to compare the Company’s performance against its results for the prior year period, as well as against the performance of the Company’s peers.

(a) A revenue passenger mile is one paying passenger flown one mile. Also referred to as "traffic," which is a measure of demand for a given period.

(b) An available seat mile is one seat (empty or full) flown one mile. Also referred to as "capacity," which is a measure of the space available to carry passengers in a given period.

(c) Revenue passenger miles divided by available seat miles.

(d) Seats flown is calculated using total number of seats available by aircraft type multiplied by the total trips flown by the same aircraft type during a particular period.

(e) Seats per trip is calculated by dividing seats flown by trips flown.

(f) Calculated as passenger revenue divided by revenue passenger miles. Also referred to as "yield," this is the average cost paid by a paying passenger to fly one mile, which is a measure of revenue production and fares.

(g) Calculated as operating revenues divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "operating unit revenues" or "RASM," this is a measure of operating revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period.

(h) Calculated as passenger revenue divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "passenger unit revenues," this is a measure of passenger revenue production based on the total available seat miles flown during a particular period.

(i) Calculated as operating expenses divided by available seat miles. Also referred to as "unit costs" or "cost per available seat mile" or "CASM," this is the average cost to fly an aircraft seat (empty or full) one mile, which is a measure of cost efficiencies.

(j) Included three Boeing 737 Next Generation aircraft in temporary storage as of December 31, 2024.

(k) The 2024 Passenger and Operating revenue metrics include the impact of the $116 million breakage revenue adjustment recorded as a change in estimate and reduction in Passenger revenue during fourth quarter 2024. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Company Overview

2025 Transformational Initiative Highlights

The Company experienced a year of meaningful transformation and execution as it implemented its transformational initiatives, which were planned and designed to attract new Customers and improve both the Company's operational and financial performance. During 2025, the Company:

• Changed its product offering, including the implementation of bag fees for most fare products, addition of a Basic fare product, and transition to new fare products, Choice, Choice Preferred, and Choice Extra;

• Updated its flight credit policy for tickets purchased on or after May 28, 2025;

• Began selling assigned and extra legroom seating for travel beginning January 27, 2026;

• Expanded distribution channels through new partnerships with online travel agencies, Expedia and Priceline;

• Better optimized its Rapid Rewards ® program, including variable earn and burn rates;

• Amended its co-brand credit card agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (“Chase”), including new benefits and improved economics;

• Launched Getaways by SouthwestTM, an in-house packaged vacations product;

• Announced free Wi-Fi sponsored by T-Mobile for all Rapid Rewards Members beginning October 24, 2025;

• Added redeye flying to increase aircraft utilization and network connectivity;

• Reduced turn time to increase aircraft utilization;

• Deployed new technology boosting operational reliability, a key enabler of the Company's #1 rank in The Wall Street Journal Best U.S. Airlines of 2025;

• Launched a partnership with Hahnair to expand its global ticketing reach; and

• Announced six strategic partnerships with Icelandair, EVA Air, China Airlines, Philippine Airlines, Condor, and Turkish Airlines.

In January 2026, the Company began operating assigned and extra legroom seating for travel beginning on January 27, 2026, which required retrofitting 780 aircraft. With assigned and extra legroom seating becoming operational, Southwest expects future earnings upside based on how booking behavior related to these initiatives unfolds. This includes upsell revenue from close-in bookings, which are more closely affiliated with business and price-flexible Customers, as well as growth in business and leisure Customer segments driven by the more attractive new product offering.

The Company has also continued to enhance its onboard offerings, with improvements such as faster WiFi, in-seat power, and larger overhead bins, and work is well underway on a refreshed cabin design, including new, more comfortable RECARO seats. The first Boeing 737-8 (“-8”) aircraft with an updated cabin was delivered and entered service on October 16, 2025.

Other Initiatives and Developments

The Company has also announced its intention to commence new service at multiple locations in an effort to grow its network and provide more destinations for Customers. These locations include:

• Cyril E. King International Airport on St. Thomas beginning early 2026;

• McGhee Tyson Airport in Knoxville, Tennessee beginning March 5, 2026;

• Princess Juliana International Airport on St. Maarten beginning April 7, 2026;

• Charles M. Schulz Sonoma County Airport in Santa Rosa, California beginning April 7, 2026; and

• Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport in Anchorage, Alaska beginning in the first half of 2026.

During 2025, the Company continued to deliver value to its Shareholders by returning $2.9 billion to Shareholders through $399 million in dividend payments and $2.6 billion through accelerated share repurchase programs entered into by the Company with third party financial institutions. In addition, under a forward contract entered into by the Company in December 2025, the Company committed $750 million for an accelerated share repurchase program with a third party financial institution (the “January 2026 ASR Program”) under which the Company paid $750 million in January 2026 and received total delivery of 17,965,193 shares to the Company as settlement in full. Additionally, the Company launched a $400 million accelerated share repurchase program in January 2026 (the "First Quarter 2026 ASR Program") that is scheduled to be completed by the end of April 2026. All of the Company's share repurchases will be recorded as treasury share repurchases for purposes of calculating earnings per share. Upon completion of the Company's January 2026 share repurchase activity, the Company will have $550 million remaining under its July 2025 $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization. See Part II, Item 5 for further information on the Company’s share repurchase authorizations.

In December 2025, the U.S. Department of Transportation ("DOT") amended a December 2023 order assessing a civil penalty of $140 million on the Company resulting from its December 2022 operational disruption by waiving the final cash installment that was due January 31, 2026, and issuing the Company an $11 million credit for the Company significantly improving its ontime performance and completion factor.

In February 2025, the Company implemented a reduction in workforce that provided for the reduction of approximately 1,750 Employee roles, or 15 percent of corporate positions. As a result of the reduction in workforce, the Company incurred a one-time expense of $62 million during first quarter 2025, achieved 2025 savings of approximately $230 million, and estimates 2026 savings of approximately $310 million. Separations were substantially complete by the end of second quarter 2025. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Fleet Information

As a result of The Boeing Company's ("Boeing") delivery delays, the Company has previously replanned its capacity and delivery expectations multiple times and will continue to closely monitor the ongoing aircraft delivery delays with Boeing and further adjust expectations as needed.

The Company ended 2025 with 803 Boeing 737 aircraft, including 300 -8 aircraft. During 2025, the Company retired 55 aircraft (including 48 Boeing 737-700 ("-700") aircraft, and seven Boeing 737-800 ("-800") aircraft, inlcuding the sale of five -800 aircraft) and took delivery of 55 -8 aircraft. The Company also completed the sale-leaseback of one -800 aircraft in January 2025. The Company's order book with Boeing as of January 29, 2026, consists of a total of 467 MAX firm orders (271 Boeing 737-7 ("-7") aircraft and 196 -8 aircraft) for the years 2026 through 2031, including 27 -7 aircraft that were contractually committed for 2024, and 54 -8s that were contractually committed for 2025, but were not received, and 150 MAX options (-7s or -8s) for the years 2027 through 2031. The Company expects 66 -8 aircraft deliveries in 2026, which differs from its contractual order book, as Boeing continues to ramp up production and works to certify the -7. This expectation supports the Company's plans to retire approximately 60 aircraft in 2026. The Company's aircraft delivery and retirement expectations for 2026 and beyond are fluid and subject to Boeing's production capability.

As of February 5, 2026, the Company has published its flight schedule through September 30, 2026.

2025 Compared with 2024

The selected financial data presented below is derived from the Company's Consolidated Statement of Income and should be read in conjunction with those financial statements and the related notes thereto.

Operating Revenues

Passenger revenues for 2025 increased by $555 million, or 2.2 percent, compared with 2024, to achieve an all-time full year Company record of $25.5 billion. On a unit basis, Passenger revenues increased 0.6 percent, year-over-year. On both a dollar basis and a per unit basis, the increase was primarily due to an increase in bag fee revenues driven by the Company's policy change, coupled with an increase in the portion of the Company's co-brand credit card benefits that are now classified within Passenger revenues as a result of the amended and restated co-brand agreement with Chase.

Other revenues for 2025 increased by $29 million, or 1.2 percent, compared with 2024. On both a dollar basis and a per unit basis, the increase was primarily due to a $30 million increase in loyalty revenues due to a higher portion of revenues recognized sooner associated with the Company's co-brand agreement with Chase, as a result of the contract amendments with Chase in 2025. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses for 2025 increased by $473 million, or 1.7 percent, compared with 2024, and capacity increased 1.6 percent over the same prior year period. A majority of the operating expenses increase was due to higher Salaries, wages, and benefits expense, partially offset by outperforming cost reduction goals, including the Company's first quarter 2025 workforce reduction, and lower Fuel and oil expense. The following table presents the Company's Operating expenses per ASM for 2025 and 2024, followed by explanations of these changes on a dollar basis.

Operating expenses per ASM for 2025 increased by 0.2 percent, compared with 2024, primarily driven by higher Salaries, wages, and benefits expense, offset by the decrease in the Company's fuel cost per gallon. Operating expenses per ASM for 2025, excluding Fuel and oil expense, profitsharing, and special items (a non-GAAP financial measure), increased 3.1 percent, year-over-year. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures.

Salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2025 increased by $723 million, or 5.9 percent, compared with 2024. On a per ASM basis, Salaries, wages, and benefits expense for 2025 increased 4.3 percent, compared with 2024. On a dollar and per ASM basis, the majority of the increase was due to net step/pay rate increases and related benefits for the Company's workforce.

On May 16, 2025, the Company's 35 Network Operations Control Customer Planners, added to the existing Passenger Service Employees craft or class to be represented by the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (“IAM”), entered into a tentative agreement as part of the accretion process to join an existing collective-bargaining agreement. The vote to ratify a contract amendment with the Company failed, and the Company is continuing negotiations with the IAM.

On September 3, 2025, the Company and Transport Workers of America Union Local 557 ("TWU 557"), representing the Company's approximately 216 Flight Instructors, reached a tentative agreement on a three year extension of their collective-bargaining agreement from 2027 to 2030. The vote to ratify the extension with the Company failed, and the Company and TWU 557 are preparing to open full negotiations in 2026.

Fuel and oil expense for 2025 decreased by $572 million, or 9.8 percent, compared with 2024. On a per ASM basis, Fuel and oil expense for 2025 decreased 11.0 percent. On a dollar and per ASM basis, the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in fuel prices. The Company's 2025 average economic fuel cost was $2.41 per gallon with no cash settlements from hedging activities compared with an average economic fuel cost of $2.66 per gallon, which was net of approximately $53 million in cash settlements from hedging activities, in 2024. During second quarter 2025, the Company terminated its remaining portfolio of fuel hedging contracts, which were scheduled to settle through 2027, to effectively close its fuel hedging portfolio and program. However, this termination had no impact on the Company's Fuel and oil expense, as all hedge positions were out of the money and just consisted of remaining time value. The following table provides more information on the Company's economic fuel cost per gallon, including the impact of fuel hedging premium expense and fuel derivative contracts:

(a) Includes amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income associated with hedges previously terminated. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and the Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional detail regarding non-GAAP financial measures.

The Company's 2025 available seat miles per gallon ("fuel efficiency") improved 2.7 percent, year-over-year, due to operating more -8 aircraft, the Company's most fuel-efficient aircraft, as a percentage of its fleet. The continued deliveries of MAX aircraft are expected to remain critical to the Company's efforts to modernize its fleet.

As a result of applying hedge accounting in prior periods, the Company has amounts in Accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") that will be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income in the periods the originally forecasted transactions occur, including deferred losses of $115 million in 2026 and $22 million in 2027 as of December 31, 2025 (net of tax). See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on AOCI.

Maintenance materials and repairs expense for 2025 decreased by $126 million, or 9.3 percent, compared with 2024. On a per ASM basis, Maintenance materials and repairs expense decreased 10.5 percent, compared with 2024. On a dollar and per ASM basis, approximately 70 percent of the decrease was driven by fewer airframes in routine heavy check compared to 2024 as a result of the early retirement of a portion of the -700 fleet, and approximately 20 percent of the decrease was due to less routine bulk purchases of materials for the Company's seat refurbishment efforts.

Landing fees and airport rentals expense for 2025 increased by $216 million, or 11.0 percent, compared with 2024. On a per ASM basis, Landing fees and airport rentals expense increased 9.0 percent, compared with 2024. On a dollar and per ASM basis, approximately 50 percent of the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in airport rental expense throughout the network driven by higher rates charged by airports for leased space, 30 percent of the increase was primarily due to higher landing fees throughout the network, primarily driven by increased usage of the heavier -8 aircraft and higher rates, and 20 percent of the increase was due to receiving fewer favorable settlements and credits from various airports in 2025.

Depreciation and amortization expense for 2025 decreased by $97 million, or 5.9 percent, compared with 2024. On a per ASM basis, Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by 6.5 percent, compared with 2024. On a dollar and per ASM basis, this decrease was primarily due to a $109 million decrease from accelerating depreciation of fewer -700 aircraft planned for early retirement in 2025 compared to 2024, a $41 million decrease due to the fleet transactions completed during the December 2024 and January 2025 timeframe, and a $37 million decrease due to a change in estimate for the residual values of the Company's -700 airframes and -700, -800, and -8 engines. These decreases were partially offset by a $47 million increase from new technology assets being placed into service and a $41 million increase from the acquisition of 55 -8 aircraft during 2025.

Other operating expenses for 2025 increased by $329 million, or 8.0 percent, compared with 2024. Included within this line item was aircraft rentals expense in the amount of $322 million and $220 million for 2025 and 2024, respectively. On a per ASM basis, Other operating expenses increased 5.6 percent, compared with 2024. On a dollar and per ASM basis, the increase was due to (i) a $102 million increase in aircraft rental expense associated with fleet transactions completed during the December 2024 and January 2025 timeframe, (ii) a $92 million gain on the sale-leaseback of 35 -800 aircraft in 2024, (iii) a $77 million increase in Employee related expenses driven by higher travel expenses due to inflation in lodging rates and utilization of rooms as a result of redeye flying in 2025, and (iv) a $64 million increase in third party software maintenance agreement expense driven by expanded cloud-based services. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the sale-leaseback transaction.

Non-Operating Expenses (Income)

Interest expense for 2025 decreased by $82 million, or 32.9 percent, compared with 2024, primarily due to the Company's significant debt repayments in late 2024 and throughout 2025. These decreases were partially offset by the issuance of the 5.25% unsecured notes and 4.375% unsecured notes in November 2025. S ee Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Capitalized interest for 2025 increased by $19 million, or 54.3 percent, compared with 2024, primarily due to an increase in various technology projects, facilities projects, and aircraft under construction.

Interest income for 2025 decreased by $292 million, or 58.8 percent compared with 2024, primarily due to lower cash and investment balances and a lower interest rate in the Company's total investment portfolio.

Other (gains) losses, net, primarily includes amounts recorded as a result of the Company's deferred compensation and hedging activities. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's hedging activities. The following table displays the components of Other (gains) losses, net, for 2025 and 2024:

Income Taxes

The Company's annual 2025 effective tax rate was 21.7 percent, compared with 22.2 percent in 2024. The year-over-year decrease in the tax rate is primarily due to lower state deferred tax rates in 2025 and a decrease in non-deductible expenses. The tax rate decrease was partially offset by a reduction in federal tax credits generated in 2025.

2024 Compared with 2023

The Company's comparison of 2024 results to 2023 results is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, under Part II Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Reconciliation of Reported Amounts to Non-GAAP Financial Measures (excluding special items) (unaudited) (in millions, except per share amounts and per ASM amounts)

(a) Includes amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income associated with hedges previously terminated. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

(b) See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

(c) Represents Employee severance payments and related professional fees resulting from the workforce reduction in February 2025 ($53 million in Salaries, wages, and benefits and $9 million in Other operating expenses). See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

(d) Represents a change in breakage revenue estimate related to flight credits the Company issued to Passengers during 2022 and prior. On July 28, 2022, the Company modified its policy and announced that all unexpired flight credits as of that date, including a significant volume of such credits issued to impacted Customers during the COVID-19 pandemic as the Company was making significant changes to its schedules based on fluctuating demand, will no longer have an expiration date and thus will be able to be redeemed by Customers indefinitely. This change in policy was considered a contract modification under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and the Company accounted for such change prospectively in third quarter 2022. At that time, based on historical Customer behavior, the Company estimated that redemptions of these flight credits would have been reduced to an immaterial amount during 2024 and recognized breakage revenue in prior periods for these flight credits accordingly; however, based on actual Customer redemptions throughout 2024, as well as projected redemptions beyond 2024, the Company determined a reversal of a portion of this prior breakage revenue was warranted in 2024. This adjustment is not reflective of base business revenue trends in fourth quarter 2024 or beyond. See the Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further information.

(e) Tax amounts for each individual special item are calculated at the Company's effective rate for the applicable period and totaled in this line item.

Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. These GAAP financial statements may include (i) unrealized noncash adjustments and reclassifications, which can be significant, as a result of accounting requirements and elections made under accounting pronouncements relating to derivative instruments and hedging and (ii) other charges and benefits the Company believes are unusual and/or infrequent in nature and thus may make comparisons to its prior or future performance difficult.

As a result, the Company also provides financial information in this filing that was not prepared in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to the information prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company provides supplemental non-GAAP financial information (also referred to as "excluding special items"), including results that it refers to as "economic," which the Company's management utilizes to evaluate its ongoing financial performance and the Company believes provides additional insight to investors as supplemental information to its GAAP results. The non-GAAP measures provided that relate to the Company’s performance on an economic fuel cost basis include Fuel and oil expense, non-GAAP; Total operating expenses, non-GAAP; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense and profit sharing; Operating income, non-GAAP; Other gains, net, non-GAAP; Income before income taxes, non-GAAP; Provision for income taxes, net, non-GAAP; Net income, non-GAAP; Net income per share, diluted, non-GAAP; and Operating expenses per ASM, non-GAAP, excluding Fuel and oil expense and profit sharing (cents). For periods in which fuel hedge contracts are utilized, the Company's economic Fuel and oil expense results may differ from GAAP results in that they only include the actual cash settlements from fuel hedge contracts - all reflected within Fuel and oil expense in the period of settlement. Thus, Fuel and oil expense on an economic basis has historically been utilized by the Company, as well as some of the other airlines that utilize fuel hedging, as it reflects the Company’s actual net cash outlays for fuel during the applicable period, inclusive of settled fuel derivative contracts. Any net premium costs paid related to option contracts that are designated as hedges are reflected as a component of Fuel and oil expense, for both GAAP and non-GAAP (including economic) purposes in the period of contract settlement. The Company believes these economic results provide further insight into the impact of the Company's fuel hedges on its operating performance and liquidity since they exclude the unrealized, noncash adjustments and reclassifications that are recorded in GAAP results in accordance with accounting guidance relating to derivative instruments, and they reflect all cash settlements related to fuel derivative contracts within Fuel and oil expense. This enables the Company's management, as well as investors and analysts, to consistently assess the Company's operating performance on a year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter basis after considering all efforts in place to manage fuel expense. However, because these measures are not determined in accordance with GAAP, such measures are susceptible to varying calculations, and not all companies calculate the measures in the same manner. As a result, the aforementioned measures, as presented, may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.

Further information on (i) the Company's fuel hedging program, (ii) the requirements of accounting for derivative instruments, (iii) the causes of hedge ineffectiveness and/or mark-to-market gains or losses from derivative instruments, and (iv) the Company's termination of its remaining fuel hedge derivative instruments is included in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company’s GAAP results in the applicable periods may include other charges or benefits that are also deemed "special items," that the Company believes make its results difficult to compare to prior periods, anticipated future periods, or industry trends. Financial measures identified as non-GAAP (or as excluding special items) have been adjusted to exclude special items. For the periods presented, in addition to the items discussed above, special items include:

1. Reversal of breakage revenue previously recorded related to a portion of flight credits issued to Customers during 2022 and prior that have either been redeemed or are expected to be redeemed in future periods. The majority of these flight credits were issued during the COVID-19 pandemic as the Company was making significant changes to its flight schedules based on fluctuating demand, which made it difficult to estimate future redemption patterns when compared against historical Customer behavior;

2. Incremental expense associated with a voluntary separation program that allowed eligible Employees the opportunity to voluntarily separate from the Company in exchange for severance, medical/dental coverage for a specified period of time, and travel privileges based on years of service;

3. Incremental expense associated with contract ratification bonuses for various workgroups related to additional compensation for services performed by Employees outside the applicable fiscal period;

4. A credit received from the DOT regarding a settlement reached for the Company's December 2022 operational disruption in light of the Company significantly improving its on-time performance and completion factor through the Company's investment in its Network Operations Control;

5. Expenses and/or reimbursements for incremental professional advisory fees related to activist investor activities, which were not budgeted by the Company, are not associated with the ongoing operation of the airline, and are difficult to predict in future periods;

6. Charges associated with tentative litigation settlements regarding paid short-term military leave to certain Employees and an arbitration award in favor of the Company's Pilots relating to a collective-bargaining matter;

7. Expenses associated with professional advisory fees related to the Company's implementation of its comprehensive transformational plan;

8. Charges associated with severance, post-employment benefits, and professional fees as a result of the Company's reduction in workforce;

9. Non-cash impairment charges to remove certain assets from the Consolidated Balance Sheet that are no longer in use;

10. Expenses associated with a contract termination charge related to one of the Company's health insurance providers; and

11. Unrealized mark-to-market adjustment associated with a forward contract entered into in fourth quarter 2025.

Because management believes special items can distort the trends associated with the Company’s ongoing performance as an airline, the Company believes that evaluation of its financial performance can be enhanced by a supplemental presentation of results that exclude the impact of special items in order to enhance consistency and comparativeness with results in prior periods that do not include such items and as a basis for evaluating operating results in future periods. The following measures are often provided, excluding special items, and utilized by the Company’s management, analysts, and investors to enhance comparability of year-over-year results, as well as to industry trends: Fuel and oil expense, non-GAAP; Total operating expenses, non-GAAP; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense; Operating expenses, non-GAAP excluding Fuel and oil expense and profit sharing; Operating income, non-GAAP; Other gains, net, non-GAAP; Income before income taxes, non-GAAP; Provision for income taxes, net, non-GAAP; Net income, non-GAAP; Net income per share, diluted, non-GAAP; and Operating expenses per ASM, non-GAAP, excluding Fuel and oil expense and profit sharing (cents).

The Company has also provided its target for leverage, which is a non-GAAP measure of financial performance. Management believes this supplemental measure can provide a more accurate view of the Company's leverage and risk, since it considers the Company’s debt and debt-like obligation profile and capital. Leverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts, and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating, and investment recommendations of companies. Although leverage ratios are commonly-used financial measures, definitions differ. The Company calculates leverage as adjusted debt divided by trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDAR. Adjusted EBITDAR is calculated as earnings before interest and taxes, and non-operating other (gains) losses, net, excluding special items, and adjusted by adding depreciation and amortization and the fixed portion of operating lease expense ("adjusted EBITDAR"). Adjusted debt includes current and long-term debt, finance lease obligations, and operating lease liabilities (including fleet, ground, and other). Projections do not reflect the potential impact of fuel and oil expense, special items, and profit sharing because the Company cannot reliably predict or estimate those items or expenses or their impact to its financial statements in future periods, especially considering the significant volatility of the fuel and oil expense line item. Accordingly, the Company believes a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the equivalent GAAP financial measures for these projected results is not meaningful or available without unreasonable effort.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Net cash provided by operating activities for 2025 was $1.8 billion, and net cash provided by operating activities for 2024 was $462 million. Operating cash inflows are historically primarily derived from selling tickets and providing air transportation to Customers. The vast majority of tickets are purchased prior to the day on which travel is provided and, in some cases, several months before the anticipated travel date. Operating cash outflows are related to the recurring expenses of airline operations. The operating cash flows for 2025 were largely impacted by the Company's net results (as adjusted for noncash items), a $103 million profit-sharing contribution for 2024 pursuant to the Company's Retirement Savings Plan, and a $1.1 billion decrease in Air traffic liability primarily driven by immediate recognition of a larger portion of revenues (and thus lower revenue deferred) associated with the Company's co-brand agreement with Chase from 2025 modifications to the agreement. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Operating cash flows for 2024 were largely impacted by the Company's net results (as adjusted for noncash items, primarily Depreciation and amortization and the gain on the sale-leaseback transaction), the approximately $1.9 billion paid to Pilots, Flight Attendants, and Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, and Cargo Agents as bonuses upon the ratification of the labor contract agreements with SWAPA, TWU 556, and TWU 555, respectively, and a $123 million decrease related to the purchase of fuel derivative instruments, which is included within Other, net operating cash flows in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Net cash provided by operating activities is primarily used to finance capital expenditures, repay debt, provide Shareholder returns, and provide working capital.

Net cash used in investing activities for 2025 was $1.4 billion, and net cash used in investing activities for 2024 was $261 million. Investing activities in both years included Capital expenditures and changes in the balance of the Company's short-term and noncurrent investments. Capital expenditures, net were $2.7 billion for 2025, compared with $2.1 billion in the same prior year period, and increased year-over-year largely due to an increase in payments for scheduled aircraft deliveries. Capital expenditures during 2024 included approximately $22 million associated with the Company's purchase of finance leased aircraft. The Company also raised $871 million in 2024 from the sale-leaseback of 35 aircraft. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

The Company estimates its 2026 net capital spending to be in the range of $3.0 billion to $3.5 billion based on its expectation of 66 -8 aircraft deliveries in 2026, with the remainder representing non-aircraft capital spending, partially offset by proceeds from planned fleet sales. The Company's opportunities to lower net capital spending from its fleet monetization strategy are dependent on aircraft market conditions and Boeing's ability to deliver aircraft pursuant to the Company's contractual order book.

Net cash used in financing activities for 2025 was $4.7 billion, and net cash used in financing activities for 2024 was $2.0 billion. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the Company paid $399 million in cash dividends to Shareholders related to the first, second, and third quarter 2025 and fourth quarter 2024 declarations. Additionally, the Company expended $2.6 billion to repurchase the Company's outstanding common stock through authorized share repurchases during the twelve months ended December 31, 2025. The Company may engage in early debt repurchases from time to time at its discretion; however, no potential early future repurchases are included in the Company's current maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2025. During 2025, the Company repaid the Convertible Notes, the PSP1 Payroll Support Program loan, and the PSP2 Payroll Support Program loan in the amounts of $1.6 billion, $976 million, and $566 million, respectively. During fourth quarter 2025, the Company made an early partial prepayment of the PSP3 Payroll Support Program loan in the amount of $100 million utilizing available cash on hand. Additionally, during 2025 the Company issued $750 million senior unsecured notes due 2035 and $750 million senior unsecured notes due 2028. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's debt repayments, issuances, and future debt maturities. The Company paid $430 million in cash dividends to Shareholders and repaid $1.3 billion in debt and finance lease obligations during the year ended December 31, 2024.

The Company repurchased $2.6 billion of its common stock in 2025 through a series of accelerated share repurchase programs, completing its September 2024 $2.5 billion authorization and leaving $1.7 billion remaining under its July 2025 $2.0 billion authorization as of December 31, 2025. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

for further information on the Company's share repurchases. These purchases were recorded as treasury share repurchases for purposes of calculating earnings per share. Under a forward contract entered into by the Company with a third-party financial institution in fourth quarter 2025, the Company committed $750 million for an Accelerated Share Repurchase Program (“ASR”) to be completed in January 2026 (the "January 2026 ASR Program"). On January 2, 2026, the Company paid $750 million and, upon settlement, the third-party financial institution delivered 17,965,193 shares of the Company’s common stock to the Company. Upon completion of the January 2026 ASR, the Company had $950 million remaining under its July 2025 $2.0 billion share repurchase authorization. The Company also entered into another agreement to repurchase $400 million of its outstanding common stock through an ASR program entered into in January 2026 (the "First Quarter 2026 ASR Program") under its current $2.0 billion authorization. Final settlement is scheduled to occur by the end of April 2026, and the Company will have $550 million remaining under its $2.0 billion authorization. Subject to certain conditions, repurchases may be made in accordance with applicable securities laws in open market or private, including accelerated repurchase transactions from time to time, depending on market conditions.

A discussion of the Company's most significant drivers impacting cash flow for 2023 are included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, under Part II Item 7, Liquidity and Capital Resources.

The Company is a "well-known seasoned issuer" and currently has an effective shelf registration statement registering an indeterminate amount of debt and equity securities for future sales. The Company currently intends to use the proceeds from any future securities sales off this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes.

Additional detail regarding the Company's available liquidity is provided in the table below.

On July 22, 2025, the Company exercised the accordion feature under its amended and restated revolving credit facility (the "Amended Credit Agreement"), increasing the size of the facility to $1.5 billion. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had access to $1.5 billion under the Amended Credit Agreement, which expires in August 2028. There were no amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2025. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company carried a working capital deficit of approximately $5 billion, in which its current liabilities exceed its current assets. This is common within the airline industry and is primarily due to the nature of the Air traffic liability account, which is related to advance ticket sales, unused flight credits available to Customers, and loyalty deferred revenue, which are performance obligations for future Customer flights, do not require future settlement in cash, and are mostly nonrefundable. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

The Company believes it has various options available to meet its capital and operating commitments, including unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $3.2 billion as of December 31, 2025, and anticipated future internally generated funds from operations. The Company regularly evaluates its capital structure to efficiently manage financial risks, liquidity access, and cost of capital. The Company may consider, from time-to-time, additional financing arrangements, including secured or unsecured debt, as appropriate. The Company continues to have a large base of unencumbered aircraft and other related assets with a net book value of approximately $17.0 billion. In addition, the Company continues to maintain investment-grade credit ratings by all three major credit agencies (Moody's, S&P Global, and Fitch). As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following corporate credit ratings:

The Company's capital allocation framework supports its continued commitment to a strong and efficient investment-grade balance sheet. The Company is currently targeting liquidity of approximately $4.5 billion, comprised of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and a revolving credit line, which was recently increased to $1.5 billion. The Company will also target leverage in the range of 1.0 times to 2.5 times, which it calculates as adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR.

The following discussion includes various short-term and long-term material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations, but does not include amounts that are contingent upon events or other factors that are uncertain or unknown at this time. Given the Company's current liquidity position, available resources, and prevailing outlook, it expects to be able to fulfill both its short-term and long-term material cash requirements. The amounts disclosed are based on various estimates, including estimates regarding the timing of payments, prevailing interest rates, volumes purchased, the occurrence of certain events and other factors. Accordingly, the actual results may vary materially from the amounts discussed herein.

Debt

As detailed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in connection with the major negative impact of COVID-19 on air carriers, the Company received significant financial assistance from the United States Department of the Treasury ("Treasury") in the form of payroll support, and this assistance had a significant impact on the Company's reported GAAP financial results through 2021. During 2025, cash flows were impacted through the early repayment of payroll support loans. The Company has approximately $426 million in such loans that will have to be repaid to Treasury in future periods.

See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the Company's debt and the timing of expected and future principal payments. The Company also has significant future obligations associated with fixed interest payments associated with its debt. As of December 31, 2025, future interest payments associated with its fixed rate unsecured notes were $162 million in 2026, $104 million in 2027, $46 million in 2028, $13 million in 2029, and $7 million in 2030. During fourth quarter 2025, the Company issued $750 million 4.375 percent senior unsecured notes due 2028 and $750 million 5.25 percent senior unsecured notes due 2035. The Company entered into a fixed-to-floating interest rate swap to convert the interest on the 5.25 percent senior unsecured notes due 2035 to a floating rate until their maturity. As of December 31, 2025, based on prevailing forward market interest rates, future interest payments associated with its floating rate unsecured notes were $41 million in 2026, $37 million in 2027, $38 million in 2028, $40 million in 2029, $41 million in 2030, and $223 million thereafter.

Leases

The Company enters into leases for aircraft, airports and other real property, and other types of equipment in the normal course of business. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail.

Aircraft purchase commitments

The Company is required to make cash deposits toward the purchase of aircraft in advance. These deposits are classified as Deposits on flight equipment purchase contracts in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until the aircraft is delivered, at which time deposits previously made are deducted from the final purchase price of aircraft and are reclassified as Flight equipment. See Part I, Item 2 for a complete table of the Company's contractual firm deliveries and options for -7 and -8 aircraft, and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial commitments related to these firm deliveries.

Other

The Company's other material cash requirements primarily consist of outlays associated with normal operating expenses of the airline, including payroll, fuel, airport costs, etc. While many of these expenses are variable in nature, some of the expenditures can be somewhat fixed in the short-term due to the lead-time involved in publishing the Company's flight schedule in advance and providing for resources to be available to operate those schedules.

The Company has a large net deferred tax liability on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferral of income taxes has resulted in a significant benefit to the Company and its liquidity position. Since the Company purchases the majority of the aircraft it acquires, it has been able to utilize accelerated depreciation methods (including bonus depreciation) available under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in 2025 and in previous years, which has enabled the Company to accelerate cash tax benefits of depreciation. Based on the Company’s scheduled future aircraft deliveries from Boeing and existing tax laws in effect, the Company will continue to accelerate the cash income tax benefits related to aircraft purchases. The Company has federal and state operating loss carryforwards of $504 million and $66 million (tax-effected), respectively, to reduce taxable income in future periods. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company has paid in the past, and will continue to pay in the future, cash taxes to the various taxing jurisdictions where it operates. The Company expects to be able to continue to meet such obligations utilizing cash and investments on hand, as well as cash generated from its ongoing operations.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying footnotes. The Company’s estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and changes in the business environment. However, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. Critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that both (i) are most important to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and results and (ii) require management’s most subjective judgments. The Company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are described below.

Revenue Recognition

Tickets sold for Passenger air travel are initially deferred as Air traffic liability. Passenger revenue is recognized and Air traffic liability is reduced when the service is provided (i.e., when the flight takes place). Air traffic liability primarily represents tickets sold for future travel dates, flight credits that are expected to be used in the future, and loyalty program benefits that are expected to be redeemed in the future. Air traffic liability typically fluctuates throughout the year based on seasonal travel patterns, fare sale activity, and activity associated with the Company’s loyalty program. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information about the Company's revenue recognition policies.

For air travel on Southwest, the amount of tickets (which includes flight credits—also referred to as partial tickets) that will go unused, referred to as breakage, is estimated and recognized in Passenger revenue once the scheduled flight date has passed, in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by the Customer, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers ("ASC 606"). Estimating the amount of tickets that will ultimately go unused involves some level of subjectivity and judgment. A significant amount of the Company's tickets sold are nonrefundable, although flight credits created when a Customer cancels or modifies an existing flight itinerary can be applied towards the purchase of future travel. Unused flight credits are the primary source of breakage. Breakage estimates are based on historical experience over many years. Fully refundable tickets rarely go unused.

On July 28, 2022, the Company modified its flight credit policy and announced that all $1.9 billion of unexpired flight credits outstanding as of that date, the majority of which were associated with travel disruptions during the COVID-19 pandemic, would no longer have an expiration date and thus will be able to be redeemed by Customers indefinitely. This change in policy was considered a contract modification under ASC 606 and the Company accounted for such change prospectively in third quarter 2022. Based on actual Customer redemptions of these flight credits throughout 2024, as well as projected redemptions beyond 2024, the Company determined a reversal of a portion of this prior breakage revenue in the amount of $116 million was warranted in fourth quarter 2024. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding this adjustment and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these extended flight credits. As of December 31, 2025, redemptions of these extended flight credits had declined to an immaterial amount on a monthly basis and the Company has determined that future redemptions of these credits will be immaterial.

On May 28, 2025, the Company again modified its flight credit policy. However, flight credits issued between July 28, 2022, and May 27, 2025 (including those issued subsequent to May 27, 2025, but which related to travel that had already been booked as of that date), do not have an expiration date. For non-expiring flight credits issued during this period, the Company has also been recording breakage for the amount of such flight credits that it does not expect to be redeemed. However, redemptions of these credits are expected to continue for an extended period of time into the future. Although the Company does not currently expect to incur significant breakage adjustments associated with this population of flight credits in future periods, Customer behavior could be different than expected and from prior experience and could thus result in future adjustments, including by a material amount. For every hypothetical one percentage point change in redemption and/or breakage amounts versus what has been

already recorded associated with these non-expiring flight credits, it would lead to an approximate $79 million change in Passenger revenues.

The majority of flight credits created from reservations booked and ticketed or voluntarily changed on or after May 28, 2025, have a specified expiration date of one year or less, depending on the type of fare purchased. However, with the launch of the new Getaways by SouthwestTM ("Getaways") product, the Company has begun to issue vacation travel credits for cancelled bookings, with an 18-month expiration period from the original booking date. The Company is also recording breakage for such credits with expiration dates to the extent it expects them to not be redeemed prior to expiration. Through December 31, 2025, based on actual redemptions and redemption patterns exhibited by Customers thus far, the Company believes its breakage estimates are materially accurate and does not expect future material adjustments associated with these flight credits.

Assumptions about Customer behavior are reviewed frequently and corresponding adjustments are made to breakage estimates, as needed, when observed behaviors differ from historical experience or expectations. Assumptions about Customer behavior can be impacted by several factors including, but not limited to: fare increases, fare sales, changes to the Company's ticketing policies, changes to the Company’s refund, exchange, and unused flight credit policies, seat availability, and economic factors. Although the Company’s process for estimating breakage has been consistently applied from year to year, it continues to update and refine its analysis and techniques to take into consideration the differing attributes of flight credits as the Company's policies have changed over time. As with any estimates, actual ticket breakage may vary from estimated amounts.

Loyalty Accounting

The Company utilizes estimates in the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with its loyalty program. These estimates primarily include the liability associated with Rapid Rewards loyalty member ("Member") account balances that are expected to be redeemed for travel or other products at a future date. Loyalty account balances include points earned through flights taken, points sold to Customers, or points earned through business partners participating in the loyalty program.

Under the Southwest Rapid Rewards loyalty program, Members earn points for every dollar spent on eligible Southwest fare purchases. The amount of points earned under the program is based on the fare amount and fare type, with higher fare types (e.g., Choice Extra) earning more points than lower fare types (e.g., Basic). Each fare type is associated with a points earning multiplier, and points for flights are calculated by multiplying the fare amount for the flight by the fare type multiplier. Likewise, the amount of points required to be redeemed for a flight can vary depending on destination, time, day of travel, demand, fare type, point redemption rate, and other factors, and is subject to change at any time until the booking is confirmed. Under the program, (i) Members are able to redeem their points for every available seat, every day, on every flight, with no blackout dates; and (ii) points do not expire. In addition, Members are able to redeem their points for items other than travel on Southwest Airlines, such as international flights on other airlines, cruises, hotel stays, rental cars, gift cards, event tickets, and more. In addition to earning points for revenue flights and qualifying purchases with Rapid Rewards Partners, Members also have the ability to purchase, gift, and transfer points, as well as the ability to donate points to selected charities.

The Company utilizes the deferred revenue method of accounting for points earned through flights taken in its loyalty program. The Company also sells points and related services to business partners participating in the loyalty program. Liabilities are recorded for the relative standalone selling price of the Rapid Rewards points which are awarded each period. The liabilities recorded represent the total number of points expected to be redeemed by Members, regardless of whether the Members may have enough to qualify for a full travel award. As of December 31, 2025, the loyalty liabilities were approximately $4.3 billion, including $3.1 billion classified within Air traffic liability and $1.2 billion classified as Air traffic liability – noncurrent.

In order to determine the value of each loyalty point, certain assumptions must be made at the time of measurement, which include an allocation of passenger revenue between the flight and loyalty points earned by passengers, and the fair value of Rapid Rewards points, which are generally based on their redemption value to the Customer. See

Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on determining the estimated fair value of each loyalty point.

The majority of the points sold to business partners are through the Southwest co-branded credit card agreement ("Agreement") with Chase. Consideration received as part of this Agreement is subject to ASC 606. For periods presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements, the most recent instance in which the Agreement was amended was in 2025. The Company and Chase amended the co-brand credit card agreement in the first quarter of 2025 to extend the term of the agreement and add enhanced airline benefits for Cardmembers associated with the Company's planned assigned seating and premium seating initiative, and again in the second quarter of 2025 to add benefits to Cardmembers related to the Company's changes in its checked bag policy that went into effect on May 28, 2025. Agreements with Chase have the following multiple elements: travel points to be awarded, use of the Southwest Airlines’ brand and access to Rapid Rewards Member lists, advertising elements, the use of the Company’s resource team, and other airline benefits. These elements are combined into three performance obligations: transportation, marketing, and airline benefits, and consideration from the Agreement is allocated based on the relative selling price of each performance obligation.

Significant management judgment was used to estimate the selling price of each of the performance obligations in the Agreement at inception, including each time in which the Agreement has been materially amended. The objective is to determine the price at which the Company would transact a sale if the product or service was sold on a stand-alone basis. The Company determines the best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, the estimated selling price of comparable travel, discounted cash flows, brand value, published selling prices, number of points awarded, and the number of points redeemed. The Company estimates the selling prices and volumes over the term of the Agreement in order to determine the allocation of proceeds to each of the multiple performance obligations. The Company records revenue related to air transportation when the travel is delivered, revenue related to marketing elements when the performance obligations related to those services are satisfied, which is generally the same period consideration is received from Chase, and revenue related to airline benefits when they are provided. A hypothetical one percent increase or decrease in the Company's estimate of the standalone selling prices, implemented as of January 1, 2025, causing a change to the allocation of proceeds to air transportation would not have had a material impact on the Company's Operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Under its current program, Southwest estimates the portion of loyalty points that will not be redeemed. In estimating breakage revenue, the Company takes into account the Member’s past behavior, as well as several factors related to the Member’s account that are expected to be indicative of the likelihood of future point redemption. These factors are typically representative of a Member’s level of engagement in the loyalty program. They include, but are not limited to, tenure with the program, points accrued in the program, and points redeemed in the program. The Company believes it has obtained sufficient historical behavioral data to develop a predictive statistical model to analyze the amount of breakage expected for all loyalty points. The Company updates this model at least annually, and applies the new breakage rates effective October 1 each year, or more frequently if required by changes in the business. Changes in the breakage rates applied annually in recent years have not had a material impact on Passenger revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2025, based on actual redemptions of points sold to business partners and earned through flights, a hypothetical one percentage point change in the estimated breakage rate would have resulted in a change to Passenger revenue of approximately $256 million (an increase in breakage would have resulted in an increase in revenue and a decrease in breakage would have resulted in a decrease in revenue). Given that Member behavior may fluctuate over time, the Company expects the current estimates may change in future periods. However, the Company believes its current estimates are reasonable given current facts and circumstances.
