Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The Company has at times had interest rate risk in its floating-rate debt obligations and interest rate swaps, commodity price risk in jet fuel required to operate its aircraft fleet, and market risk in the derivatives used to manage its fuel hedging program and in the form of fixed-rate debt instruments. As of December 31, 2025, the Company also operated a total of 97 aircraft under operating and finance leases. The Company previously operated a small number of aircraft that had lease payments that fluctuated based in part on changes in market interest rates. The last fluctuating lease expired in July 2025. Therefore, the Company's leases are not considered market sensitive financial instruments and, therefore, are not included in the interest rate sensitivity analysis below. The Company does not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company’s financial derivative instruments.

Hedging and Aircraft Fuel Risk

Changes in fuel prices could materially affect the Company’s results of operations. As discussed in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company discontinued its fuel hedging program in 2025. During second quarter 2025, the Company terminated its remaining portfolio of fuel hedging contracts, which were scheduled to settle through 2027, to effectively close its fuel hedging portfolio and program. Consequently, the Company is fully exposed to fluctuations in fuel prices like most of its competitors. The Company currently expects to consume approximately 2.2 billion gallons of jet fuel in 2026. Based on this anticipated usage, a change in jet fuel prices of one cent per gallon would impact the Company’s Fuel and oil expense by approximately $22 million for 2026.

The fair values of the derivative instruments held in prior periods, depending on the type of instrument, were determined by use of present value methods or standard option value models with assumptions about commodity prices based on those observed in underlying markets. The Company’s credit exposure related to derivative instruments in prior periods was represented by the fair value of contracts that were in an asset position to the Company. At such times, these outstanding instruments exposed the Company to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements.

The Company has agreements with a majority of its counterparties associated with its outstanding interest rate swap agreements in which cash collateral may be required based on the fair value of outstanding derivative instruments, as well as the Company’s and its counterparties' credit ratings. As of December 31, 2025, no cash collateral deposits were provided by or held by the Company based on its outstanding interest rate swap agreements.

Financial Market Risk

The vast majority of the Company’s tangible assets are aircraft, which are long-lived. The Company’s long-term strategy is to maintain an investment grade balance sheet and generate adequate profits and returns on capital, while growing capacity steadily under the right conditions. While the Company uses financial leverage, it strives to maintain a strong and efficient balance sheet and has investment grade credit ratings with all three major credit rating agencies as of December 31, 2025. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the material terms of the Company’s short-term and long-term debt.

All the Company's senior unsecured notes outstanding as of December 31, 2025 were issued as fixed-rate obligations. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

During fourth quarter 2025, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements as a hedge related to its $750 million 5.25% Notes due 2035. The primary objective for the Company's use of this interest rate hedge was to hedge against changes in the fair value of the debt instrument caused by changes in market interest rates, specifically SOFR. The hedge strategy is to eliminate the changes in fair value of the debt by converting the fixed rate interest of the debt to a floating rate. Under these interest rate swap agreements, the Company pays SOFR plus a margin every six months on the notional amount of the debt, and receives payments based on the fixed stated rate of the notes every six months until the date the notes become due. These interest rate swap agreements collectively qualify as a fair value hedge. As a result of the fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements in place, the average floating rate recognized during 2025 was approximately 5.44 percent, based on actual and forward rates as of December 31, 2025.

The $100 million 7.375% debentures due 2027 had at one point been converted to a floating rate, but the Company subsequently terminated the fixed-to-floating interest rate swap agreements related to it. The effect of this termination was that the interest associated with this debt prospectively reverted back to its original fixed rate. As a result of the gain realized on this transaction, which is being amortized over the remaining term of the corresponding notes, and based on projected interest rates at the date of termination, the Company does not believe its future interest expense, based on projected future interest rates at the date of termination, associated with these notes will significantly differ from the expense it would have recorded had the notes remained at floating rates.

During fourth quarter 2023, the Company terminated $150 million notional value of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements associated with the Company's forecasted issuance of debt. These swap agreements had been classified as cash flow hedges, and all fair market value changes were recorded to AOCI prior to their termination. Following the issuance of the Company's $750 million 5.25% Notes due 2035 in fourth quarter 2025, the deferred gain of $23 million associated with these terminated swaps is now being amortized as a reduction to Interest expense over the life of the notes. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

The Company's total debt divided by total assets was 16.9 percent as of December 31, 2025.

The Company also has some risk associated with changing interest rates due to the short-term nature of its invested cash, which totaled $3.2 billion, as of December 31, 2025. See Notes 1 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The Company currently invests available cash in time deposits, highly rated money market instruments, and other highly rated financial instruments, depending on market conditions and operating cash requirements. Because of the short-term nature of these investments, the returns earned parallel closely with short-term floating interest rates. The Company has not undertaken any additional actions to cover interest rate market risk and is not a party to any other material market interest rate risk management activities.

A hypothetical 10 percent change in market interest rates as of December 31, 2025, would have resulted in an approximate $32 million change in the fair value of the Company’s fixed-rate debt instruments. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the fair value of financial instruments. A change in market interest rates could, however, have a corresponding effect on earnings and cash flows associated with the Company’s debt that has been converted to a floating interest rate and invested cash (excluding cash collateral deposits held, if applicable) because of the floating-rate nature of these items. Assuming floating market rates in effect as of December 31, 2025, were held constant throughout a 12-month period, a hypothetical 10 percent change in those rates would have resulted in an immaterial impact on the Company’s net earnings and cash flows. Utilizing these assumptions and considering the Company’s cash balance (excluding the impact of cash collateral deposits held from or provided to counterparties, if applicable) and floating-rate debt outstanding as of December 31, 2025, an increase in rates would have a net positive effect on the Company’s earnings and cash flows, while a decrease in rates would have a net negative effect on the Company’s earnings and cash flows. However, a hypothetical 10 percent change in market rates would not impact the Company’s earnings or cash flow associated with the Company’s publicly traded fixed-rate debt.

The Company is also subject to a financial covenant included in its Amended Credit Agreement, and is subject to credit rating triggers related to its credit card transaction processing agreements, the pricing related to any funds drawn under its Amended Credit Agreement, and some of its hedging counterparty agreements. Certain covenants include the maintenance of minimum credit ratings and/or triggers that are based on changes in these ratings. The Company’s Amended Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant to maintain a Coverage Ratio (as defined therein) of 1.25 to 1.00, subject to the Company's one-time option to reduce this ratio requirement to 0.80 to 1.00 for two consecutive fiscal quarters. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with this covenant and there were no amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Agreement. However, if conditions change and the Company fails to meet the minimum standards set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement, there could be a reduction in the availability of cash under the facility, or an increase in the costs to keep the facility intact as written. The Company’s hedging counterparty agreements contain ratings triggers in which cash collateral could be required to be posted with the counterparty if the Company’s credit rating were to fall below investment grade by two of the three major rating agencies, and if the Company were in a net liability position with the counterparty. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

The Company currently has agreements with organizations that process credit card transactions arising from purchases of air travel tickets by its Customers utilizing American Express, Discover, and MasterCard/VISA. Credit card processors have financial risk associated with tickets purchased for air travel because the processor generally forwards the cash related to the purchase to the Company soon after the purchase is completed, but the air travel generally occurs after that time; therefore, the processor will have liability if the Company does not ultimately provide the air travel. Under these processing agreements, and based on specified conditions, increasing amounts of cash reserves could be required to be posted with the counterparty. There was no cash reserved for this purpose as of December 31, 2025.

A majority of the Company’s sales transactions are processed by Chase Paymentech. Should Customer chargebacks processed by Chase Paymentech reach a certain level, cash proceeds from advance ticket sales could be held back and used to establish a reserve account to cover such chargebacks and any other Customer-disputed charges that might occur. Additionally, cash reserves are required to be established if the Company’s credit rating falls to specified levels below investment grade. Cash reserve requirements are based on the Company’s public debt rating and a corresponding percentage of the Company’s Air traffic liability. As of December 31, 2025, no cash holdbacks were in place.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all credit card processing agreements. The inability to enter into credit card processing agreements would have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. The Company believes that it will be able to continue to renew its existing credit card processing agreements or will be able to enter into new credit card processing agreements with other processors in the future.
