Item 2. Properties

Aircraft

Southwest operated a total of 803 Boeing 737 aircraft as of December 31, 2025, of which 82 and 15 were under operating and finance leases, respectively. The following table details information on the 803 aircraft as of December 31, 2025:

(a) See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the Company's lease transactions.

(b) In January 2026, the Company completed retrofits on its -700 fleet to reduce the number of seats to 137 in connection with its implementation of extra legroom seating.

In second quarter and fourth quarter 2025, the Company entered into supplemental agreements with Boeing relating to its contractual order book for -7 and -8 aircraft. These agreements provide flexibility in support of the Company's growth plans and fleet modernization and include certain confidential credits and other concessions provided to the Company by Boeing. The delivery schedule below reflects contractual commitments, although the timing of future deliveries could be affected by any potential or prolonged delays in the manufacturing process or with the -7 certification. The Company retains significant flexibility to manage its fleet size, including opportunities to accelerate fleet modernization efforts if growth opportunities do not materialize.

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had firm deliveries and options for -7 and -8 aircraft as follows:

(a) The delivery timing for the -7 is dependent on the FAA issuing required certifications and approvals to Boeing and the Company. The FAA will ultimately determine the timing of the -7 certification and entry into service, and the Company therefore offers no assurances that current estimations and timelines are correct.

(b) The Company has flexibility to designate firm orders or options as -7s or -8s, upon written advance notification as stated in the contract.

(c) The Company has included the remaining 81 of its 2024 and 2025 contractual but undelivered aircraft (27 -7s and 54 -8s) within its 2026 contractual commitments. As Boeing continues to ramp up production and works to certify the -7, the Company expects 66 -8 aircraft deliveries in 2026. The 2026 contractual detail is as follows:

Ground Facilities and Services

Southwest either leases or pays a usage fee for terminal passenger service facilities at each of the airports it serves, to which various leasehold improvements have been made. The Company leases the land and/or structures on a long-term basis for its aircraft maintenance centers (located at Dallas Love Field, Houston Hobby, Phoenix Sky Harbor, Chicago Midway, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Denver International Airport, and Orlando International Airport) and its main corporate headquarters building, also located near Dallas Love Field. The Company also leases a warehouse and engine repair facility in Atlanta. The Company completed construction on a new 129,000 square foot aircraft maintenance facility at Baltimore-Washington International Airport in the second quarter of 2025.

The Company owns two additional headquarters buildings, located across the street from the Company's main headquarters building, on land owned by the Company, including (i) an energy efficient, modern building, called TOPS, which houses certain operational and training functions, including the Company's 24-hour operations and (ii) the Wings Complex, consisting of a Leadership Education and Aircrew Development (“LEAD”) Center (housing the Company's 26 Boeing 737 flight simulators and classroom space for Pilot training), an additional office building, and a parking garage.

The Company has commitments associated with various airport improvement projects, including construction at Houston Hobby International Airport. This project includes the construction of new facilities and the rebuilding or modernization of existing facilities. Construction on the project has begun, and the Company expects construction to be completed in 2027. In April 2023, the Company executed a ground lease agreement with Los Angeles World Airports (“LAWA”) at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) which provides the Company the right to construct a 9-gate concourse (Concourse 0) adjacent to Terminal 1. The Company expects to manage the design, development, financing, construction, and commissioning of the project, and expects to commence construction in 2028 with construction to be completed in 2032. Prior to commencement of construction, LAWA and the Company will need to agree on scope and budget and have financing in place. Additional information regarding these projects is provided in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company performs substantially all line maintenance on its aircraft and provides ground support services at most of the airports it serves. However, the Company has arrangements with certain aircraft maintenance providers for major component inspections and repairs for its airframes and engines, which comprise the majority of the Company's annual aircraft maintenance costs.
