ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our future income, cash flows, and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in interest rates, seasonality, market prices, commodity prices, and inflation. The primary market risks to which we are exposed are interest rate risk and seasonality. We use, and may continue to use, derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings. We enter into such contracts only with major financial institutions based on their credit ratings and other relevant factors.

Interest Rate Risk

A primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk, which may result from many factors, including government monetary and tax policies, fluctuating global and United States economic conditions (including uncertainty in financial markets, inflation, elevated interest rates, and evolving trade and tariff policies), geopolitical tensions, and other factors that are beyond our control. We may incur additional variable rate debt in the future, including additional amounts that we may borrow under the Credit Facility. In addition, decreases in interest rates may lead to additional competition for the acquisition of single-family homes, which may lead to future acquisitions being more costly and resulting in lower yields on single-family homes targeted for acquisition. Significant increases in interest rates may also have an adverse impact on our earnings if we are unable to increase rents on expired leases or acquire single-family homes with rental rates high enough to offset the increase in interest rates on our borrowings.

As of December 31, 2025, our $2,620.0 million of outstanding variable-rate debt included $145.0 million on the Revolving Facility and $2,475.0 million on the Term Loan Facilities. Our variable-rate borrowings bear interest at SOFR, as adjusted if appropriate, plus the applicable spread. As of December 31, 2025, we had effectively converted 80.2% of these borrowings to a fixed rate through interest rate swap agreements. Assuming no change in the outstanding balance of our existing debt, the projected effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in SOFR, collectively, on our annual interest expense would be an estimated increase or decrease of $5.2 million. This estimate considers the impact of our interest rate swap agreements and any Term SOFR floors or minimum interest rates stated in the agreements of the respective borrowings.

This analysis does not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, we may consider taking actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, because of the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analysis assumes no changes in our capital structure.

Inflation

Inflation primarily impacts our results of operations in the form of increased repair and maintenance and other costs and wage pressures. Inflation could also impact our cost of capital as a result of changing interest rates on variable rate debt that is not hedged or if our debt instruments are refinanced in a high-inflation environment. Our resident leases typically have a term of one to two years, which generally enables us to compensate for inflationary effects by increasing rents on our homes to current market rates. Although an extreme or sustained escalation in costs could have a negative impact on our residents and their ability to absorb rent increases, we do not believe this had a material impact on our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Seasonality

Our business and related operating results have been, and we believe will continue to be, impacted by seasonal factors throughout the year. In particular, we have experienced higher levels of resident move-outs during the summer months, which impacts both our rental revenues and related turnover costs. Further, our property operating costs are seasonally impacted in certain markets by increases in expenses such as HVAC repairs and costs to re-resident during the summer season.
