ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with Part I. Item 1. “Business” and the consolidated financial statements, including the notes thereto, that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” “Forward-Looking Statements,” or in other parts of this report.

For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Part II. Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 (the “2024 10-K”). The sections entitled “Result of Operations — Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023” and “Cash Flows — Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023” in Part II. Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” of our 202 4 10-K are incorporated herein by reference.

Capitalized terms used without definition have the meaning provided elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Overview

Invitation Homes is a leading owner and operator of single-family homes for lease, offering residents high-quality homes in sought-after neighborhoods across the United States. As of December 31, 2025, we wholly own 86,192 homes for lease, jointly own 8,006 homes for lease, and provide professional third-party property and asset management services for an additional 15,866 homes, all of which are primarily located in 16 core markets across the country. These homes help meet the needs of a growing share of Americans who count on the ease, flexibility, and savings of leasing. We provide our residents

access to updated homes with features they value, as well as close proximity to jobs and good schools. The continued demand for our product proves that the choice and flexibility we offer are attractive to many people.

We operate in markets with strong demand drivers, high barriers to entry, and high rent growth potential, primarily in the Western United States, Florida, and the Southeast United States. Through disciplined market and asset selection, as well as through strategic mergers and acquisitions, we designed our wholly and jointly owned portfolios to capture the operating benefits of local density as well as economies of scale that we believe cannot be readily replicated. Since our founding in 2012, we have built a proven, vertically integrated operating platform that enables us to effectively and efficiently acquire, renovate, lease, maintain, and manage both the homes we own and those we manage on behalf of others.

The portfolio of homes we own average approximately 1,880 square feet with three to four bedrooms and two bathrooms, appealing to a resident base that we believe is less transitory than a typical multifamily resident. We invest in the upfront renovation of homes in our portfolio in order to address capital needs, reduce ongoing maintenance costs, and drive resident demand.

On January 14, 2026, we acquired ResiBuilt, a leading fee homebuilder specializing in single-family rental communities with expertise in land development and construction general contracting across high-growth Southeast markets. The acquisition is a natural extension of our business and supports our growth strategy by adding home building capabilities to our platform. By bringing land development and construction expertise in-house, we gain greater operational control over the development process, enhance cost efficiency, and strengthen our ability to execute on growth opportunities in strategically important markets. We believe this internal development capacity will support our long-term growth strategy by providing a reliable pipeline of purpose-built rental homes tailored to our operational and quality standards.

At Invitation Homes, we are committed to creating a better way to live and to being a force for positive change, which is underscored by our company purpose to Unlock the Power of HomeTM. Our Genuine CARETM values serve as the foundation for our work, and the underlying principles of clear communication, integrity, responsibility, innovation, adaptability, and a welcoming workplace are designed to create an authentic experience for our residents, shareholders, and associates. We also work to advance sustainability, which is an important part of our strategic business objectives and is critical to our long-term success.

Our commitment to high-touch customer service continuously enhances residents’ living experiences and provides an environment where individuals and families can thrive. Many of our residents are first responders, healthcare workers, teachers, and other essential members of their communities, people who dedicate themselves to serving others every day. We are honored to serve them in return, and we work hard to ensure they come home to a place of comfort and security. Each aspect of our operations — whether in our corporate headquarters or field offices located in our 16 core markets — is driven by a resident-centric model. Our associates take our values seriously and work hard every day to honor the trust our residents have placed in us to provide clean, safe, and functional homes for them and their loved ones. In turn, we focus on ensuring that our associates are fairly compensated and that we provide a culture that values respect, opportunity, and belonging. We also place a strong emphasis on the impact we have in our communities and on the environment in general, and we continue to support programs that demonstrate those commitments. In addition, we operate under strong, well-defined governance practices and are dedicated to adhering to the highest ethical standards at all times.

Impact of Macroeconomic Trends

General economic conditions in the United States have continued to fluctuate in recent quarters. While inflationary pressures have moderated from prior peaks, they remain elevated, and interest rates remain subject to volatility and uncertainty. These factors, together with ongoing uncertainty in financial and capital markets, geopolitical tensions, evolving trade and tariff policies, labor market conditions, and a general decline in consumer confidence could adversely affect (i) our occupancy levels, rental rates, and collections, (ii) our ability to acquire or dispose of properties on economically favorable terms, (iii) our access to financial markets on attractive terms, or at all, and (iv) the value of our homes and our business that could cause us to recognize impairments in the value of our tangible assets or goodwill. Such macroeconomic conditions, and geopolitical events, may also negatively impact consumer income, credit availability, and spending, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, including the ability of our residents to pay rent. In addition, consumer confidence and spending may decline in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, reductions in income or asset values, and other macroeconomic factors. Labor shortages and inflationary increases in labor and material costs have impacted and may continue to impact certain aspects of our business. Imposition or increase of tariffs and trade restrictions by the United States on imports from certain countries and counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock.

The regulatory landscape affecting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family rental properties continues to evolve. Executive actions, and potential federal and state legislation or regulations, aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes could limit our ability to acquire additional homes, require us to modify our growth, investment, development, or disposition strategies, reduce the scale or efficiency of our operations, increase compliance costs, subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, or otherwise adversely affect market dynamics, our business, and results of operations.

While the degree to which we may continue to be affected by these macroeconomic challenges largely depends on the nature and duration of uncertain and unpredictable events, we believe that we are well suited to endure a shifting macroeconomic environment due to our diversification and resiliency. For further discussion of risks related to general economic conditions, see Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business Environment and Industry — Our operating results are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. ”

Climate Change

Potential consequences of global climate change may range from more frequent extreme weather events to governmental policy developments and shifts in consumer preferences, which have the potential individually or collectively to disrupt our business as well as negatively affect our suppliers, contractors, and residents. Physical, regulatory, and transition risks from climate change may significantly reduce our revenues and profitability or cause us to generate losses. We are subject to evolving laws and regulations relating to climate change, including regulations aimed at drastically increasing reporting and governance related to climate change as well as focused on limiting greenhouse gas emissions.

Evolving laws and regulations or any changed interpretation of such laws and regulations may require us to make costly improvements to our properties resulting in increased operating costs and compliance burdens. Choosing not to enhance our homes’ resource efficiency could make our portfolio less attractive to residents and investors. If we fail to manage transition risks effectively, our profitability and cash flow could suffer.

We recognize that climate change could have a significant impact on our portfolio of homes and that an increase in the number of acute weather events, natural disasters, and other climate-related events could significantly impact our business, operations, and homes. We consider physical risks, including the potential for natural disasters such as hurricanes, floods, and wildfires, when assessing our portfolio of homes and our business processes.

Our management and the board of directors are focused on managing our business risks, including climate change-related risks. The process to identify, manage, and integrate climate-change risk is part of our comprehensive enterprise risk management program. Our board of directors, through its Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, is responsible for oversight of our management of risks related to environmental issues, climate related risks, and social issues. For more information on risks related to climate change, see Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Sustainability, Corporate Responsibility, and Governance — Climate change and related environmental issues, related legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, and the transition to a lower-carbon economy may adversely affect our business , — We are subject to risks from natural disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires, and severe weather, and — We are subject to increasing scrutiny from investors and others regarding our sustainability responsibilities, which could result in additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation, associate attraction and retention, and ability to raise capital. ”

Other Matters

In January 2023, we received an inquiry from the staff of the SEC requesting information relating to our compliance with building codes and permitting requirements, related policies and procedures, and other matters. In December 2025, the SEC notified us that it had concluded this inquiry and did not intend to recommend any enforcement action.

Our Portfolio

The following table provides summary information regarding our total and Same Store portfolios as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 as noted below:

(1) As of December 31, 2025.

(2) Represents average occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2025.

(3) Represents average monthly rent for the year ended December 31, 2025.

(4) Represents the percentage of rental revenues and other property income generated in each market for the year ended December 31, 2025.

(5) As of December 31, 2025, represents homes located in San Antonio, Salt Lake City, Austin, or Nashville, outside of our 16 core markets.

Factors That Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. See Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for more information regarding factors that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Key factors that impact our results of operations and financial condition include market fundamentals, rental rates and occupancy levels, collection rates, turnover rates and days to re-resident homes, property improvements and maintenance, property acquisitions and renovations, and financing arrangements. Sensitivity to many of these factors has been heightened as a result of current macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rate volatility, political dissension, labor market conditions, evolving regulatory landscape affecting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family rental properties, and adverse global economic conditions. Additionally, each of these factors may also impact the results of operations and financial condition of our joint venture investments and those of third parties for whom we perform property and asset management services, which would impact the amount of management fee revenues and income (losses) from investments in unconsolidated joint ventures that we earn.

Market Fundamentals: Our results are impacted by housing market fundamentals and supply and demand conditions in our markets, particularly in the Western United States and Florida, which represented 71.2% of our rental revenues and other property income during the year ended December 31, 2025. We actively monitor the impact of macroeconomic conditions on market fundamentals and quickly implement changes in pricing as market fundamentals shift.

Rental Rates and Occupancy Levels: Rental rates and occupancy levels are primary drivers of rental revenues and other property income. Our rental rates and occupancy levels are affected by macroeconomic factors and local and property-level factors, including market conditions, seasonality, resident defaults, and the amount of time it takes to prepare a home for its next resident and re-lease homes when residents vacate. An important driver of rental rate growth is our ability to increase monthly rents from expiring leases, which typically have a term of one to two years.

Collection Rates: Our rental revenues and other property income are impacted by the rate at which we collect such revenues from our residents. Despite our efforts to assist residents facing financial hardships who need flexibility to fulfill their lease obligations, a portion of amounts receivable may not ultimately be collected. We may also be constrained in our ability to collect resident receivables due to local ordinances restricting residential lease compliance options. Any amounts billed to residents that have been deemed uncollectible along with our estimate of amounts that may ultimately be uncollectible decrease our rental revenues and other property income.

Turnover Rates and Days to Re-Resident: Other drivers of rental revenues and property operating and maintenance expense include the length of stay of our residents, resident turnover rates, and the number of days a home is unoccupied between residents. Our operating results are also impacted by the amount of time it takes to market and lease a property, which is a component of the number of days a home is unoccupied between residents. The period of time to market and lease a property can vary greatly and is impacted by local demand, our marketing techniques, the size of our available inventory, the ability of our suppliers and other business partners to carry out their assigned tasks and/or source labor or supply materials at ordinary levels of performance relative to the conduct of our business, and both current economic conditions and future economic outlook, including the impact of inflation, elevated interest rates, political dissension, and labor shortfalls which could adversely affect demand for our properties.

Property Improvements and Maintenance: Property improvements and maintenance impact capital expenditures, property operating and maintenance expense, and rental revenues. We actively manage our homes on a total portfolio basis to determine what capital and maintenance needs may be required and what opportunities we may have to generate additional revenues or expense savings from such expenditures. As a result of inflationary trends and/or imposition of or increases in tariffs, we may experience, as we have in the past, increased costs for certain materials and services necessary to improve and maintain our homes. We continue to actively manage the impact of these factors on these costs, and we believe we are able to purchase goods and services at favorable prices compared to other purchasers due to our size and scale both nationally and locally.

Property Development, Acquisitions, and Renovations: Future growth in rental revenues and other property income may be impacted by our ability to and the pace at which we identify and build or acquire homes and the time and cost required to renovate and lease those homes. We are also developing build-to-rent homes through third-party homebuilders and our ResiBuilt business, acquired in January 2026. Opportunities from these new construction channels are impacted by the availability of vacant developed lots, development land assets, and inventory of homes currently under construction or newly developed. Our ability to identify and acquire single-family homes that meet our investment criteria is impacted by home prices in targeted acquisition locations, the inventory of homes available for sale through our acquisition channels, and

competition for our target assets. All of these factors may be negatively impacted by current inflationary trends and elevated interest rates, potentially reducing the number of homes we acquire. The evolving regulatory landscape affecting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family rental properties could also limit our ability to acquire additional homes.

The acquisition of homes involves expenditures in addition to payment of the purchase price, including payments for acquisition fees, property inspections, closing costs, title insurance, transfer taxes, recording fees, broker commissions, property taxes, and HOA fees (when applicable). Additionally, we incur costs to renovate acquired homes to prepare them for rent. The time and cost involved in preparing acquired homes for rent can significantly impact our financial performance. As a result of inflationary trends and/or imposition of or increases in tariffs, we may experience, as we have in the past, increased costs for certain materials and services necessary to renovate our homes. We continue to actively manage the cost of renovations, and we believe we are able to purchase goods and services at favorable prices compared to other purchasers due to our size and scale both nationally and locally.

Financing Arrangements: Financing arrangements directly impact our interest expense, our various debt instruments, and our ability to acquire and renovate homes. We have historically utilized indebtedness to fund the acquisition and renovation of new homes. Our current financing arrangements contain financial covenants and other terms and conditions, including variable interest rates in some cases, that are impacted by market conditions. Current macroeconomic conditions may continue to negatively affect volatility, availability of funds, and transaction costs (including interest rates) within financial markets. These factors may also negatively affect our ability to access financial markets as well as our business, results of operations, and financial condition. See Part II. Item 7A. “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for further discussion regarding interest rate risk. Our future financing arrangements may not have similar terms with respect to amounts, interest rates, financial covenants, and durations.

Macroeconomics Conditions: Inflation, interest rate volatility, political dissension, labor market conditions, the evolving regulatory landscape affecting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family rental properties, and adverse global economic conditions could negatively affect our business and financial condition. Imposition of, increases in, and changing policies around tariffs by the United States on imports from certain countries and potential counter-tariffs in response could lead to increased costs and supply chain disruptions. If we are not able to navigate any such changes, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, as well as on the price of our common stock.

Regulatory and Policy Risks : Executive actions, and potential federal and state legislation or regulations, aimed at limiting institutional ownership and acquisition of single-family homes could limit our ability to acquire additional homes, require us to modify our growth, investment, development, or disposition strategies, reduce the scale or efficiency of our operations, increase compliance costs, subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, or otherwise adversely affect market dynamics, our business, and results of operations. As this policy landscape continues to evolve, we remain committed to working constructively with policymakers at all levels to support housing supply and availability, and we believe that well-managed, professionally operated rental housing serves an important role in expanding access to quality homes for American families.

Components of Revenues and Expenses

The following is a description of the components of our revenues and expenses.

Revenues

Rental Revenues and Other Property Income

Rental revenues, net of any concessions and bad debt (including write-offs, credit reserves, and uncollectible amounts), consist of rents collected under lease agreements related to our single-family homes for lease. We enter into leases directly with our residents, and the leases typically have a term of one to two years.

Other property income is comprised of: (i) resident reimbursements for utilities, HOA fines, and other charge-backs; (ii) revenues from value-add services such as smart homes, internet and media packages, home liability insurance, and HVAC replacement filters; (iii) various other fees, including late fees and lease termination fees, among others; and (iv) rent and non-refundable deposits associated with pets.

Management Fee Revenues

Management fee revenues consist of fees from property and asset management services provided to portfolio owners of single-family homes for lease, including investments in our unconsolidated joint ventures.

Expenses

Property Operating and Maintenance

Once a property is available for its initial lease, which we refer to as “rent-ready,” we incur ongoing property-related expenses, which consist primarily of property taxes, insurance, HOA fees (when applicable), market-level personnel expenses, utility expenses, repairs and maintenance, and property administration. Prior to a property being “rent-ready,” certain of these expenses are capitalized as building and improvements. Once a property is “rent-ready,” expenditures for ordinary repairs and maintenance thereafter are expensed as incurred, and we capitalize expenditures that improve or extend the life of a home.

Property Management Expense

Property management expense represents personnel and other costs associated with the oversight and management of our portfolio of homes, including those for which we provide property and asset management services on behalf of others through our internal property manager.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expense represents personnel costs, professional fees, and other costs associated with our day-to-day activities. General and administrative expense may also include expenses that are of a non-recurring nature, such as severance.

Share-Based Compensation Expense

We issue share-based awards to align the interests of our associates with those of our investors, and all share-based compensation expense is recognized in our consolidated statements of operations as components of general and administrative expense and property management expense.

Interest Expense

Interest expense includes interest payable on our debt instruments, payments and receipts related to our interest rate swap agreements, amortization of discounts and deferred financing costs, unrealized gains (losses) on non-designated hedging instruments, and non-cash interest expense related to our interest rate swap agreements.

Depreciation and Amortization

We recognize depreciation and amortization expense associated with our homes and other capital expenditures over the expected useful lives of the assets.

Casualty Losses, Impairment, and Other

Casualty losses, impairment, and other represents casualty (gains) losses, net of any insurance recoveries, and provisions for impairment when the carrying amount of our single-family residential properties is not recoverable.

Gain on Sale of Property, net of tax

Gain on sale of property, net of tax consists of net gains and losses resulting from sales of our homes.

Income (Losses) from Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

Income (losses) from investments in unconsolidated joint ventures consists of our share of net earnings and losses from investments in unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for using the equity method.

Other, net

Other, net includes settlement and other costs related to certain litigation and regulatory matters, interest income, gains (losses) resulting from investments in equity securities, and other miscellaneous income and expenses.

Results of Operations

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

Portfolio Information

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we owned 86,192 and 85,138 single-family rental homes, respectively, in our total portfolio. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we acquired 2,410 and 2,072 homes, respectively, and sold 1,356 and 1,501 homes, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we owned an average of 85,717 and 84,718 single-family rental homes, respectively.

We believe presenting information about the portion of our total portfolio that has been fully operational for the entirety of both a given reporting period and its prior year comparison period provides investors with meaningful information about the performance of our comparable homes across periods and about trends in our organic business. To do so, we provide information regarding the performance of our Same Store portfolio.

As of December 31, 2025, our Same Store portfolio consisted of 76,819 single-family rental homes.

Revenues

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, total revenues were $2,729.3 million and $2,618.9 million, respectively. Set forth below is a discussion of changes in the individual components of total revenues.

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, total portfolio rental revenues and other property income totaled $2,642.0 million and $2,549.0 million, respectively, an increase of 3.6%, driven by an increase in average monthly rent per occupied home and a 999 home increase between periods in the average number of homes owned, partially offset by an 80 bps reduction in average occupancy.

Average occupancy for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 for the total portfolio was 95.0% and 95.8%, respectively. Average monthly rent per occupied home for the total portfolio for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $2,439 and $2,387, respectively, a 2.2% increase. For our Same Store portfolio, average occupancy was 96.8% and 97.3% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and average monthly rent per occupied home for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $2,450 and $2,386, respectively, a 2.7% increase.

The annual turnover rate for the Same Store portfolio was 22.8% for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. For the Same Store portfolio, a home remained unoccupied on average for 47 and 40 days between residents for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

To monitor prospective changes in average monthly rent per occupied home, we compare the monthly rent from an expiring lease to the monthly rent from the next lease for the same home, in each case, net of any amortized non-service concessions, to calculate net effective rental rate growth. Leases are either renewal leases, where our current resident stays for a subsequent lease term, or new leases, where our previous resident moves out and a new resident signs a lease to occupy the same home.

Renewal lease net effective rental rate growth for the total portfolio averaged 4.6% and 4.9% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and new lease net effective rental rate growth for the total portfolio averaged (0.8)% and 1.0% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For our Same Store portfolio, renewal lease net effective rental rate growth averaged 4.6% and 4.9% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and new lease net effective rental rate growth averaged (0.6)% and 0.9% for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Other property income for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to enhanced value-add revenue programs and increased utility recoveries as new leases are entered into, among other things.

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, management fee revenues totaled $87.3 million and $70.0 million, respectively. The 24.8% increase is primarily due to an increase in the average number of homes for which we provide property and asset management services from 20,971 homes for the year ended December 31, 2024 to 24,521 homes for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Expenses

For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, total expenses were $2,341.7 million and $2,326.7 million, respectively. Set forth below is a discussion of changes in the individual components of total expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, property operating and maintenance expense increased to $985.6 million from $935.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The 5.4% increase in property operating and maintenance expense is primarily attributable to a 999 home increase in the average number of homes owned between periods, as well as increases in utilities and property taxes.

Property management expense and general and administrative expense increased to $244.4 million from $228.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, primarily due to increased personnel and other costs related to our property and asset management platform, including costs to manage a 16.9% increase in the average number of homes managed between periods.

Interest expense decreased to $353.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $366.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to the amendment of certain of our interest rate swap agreements during 2024, which reduced related non-cash fair value amortization by $17.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, partially offset by an increase in the debt balance outstanding between periods.

Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $746.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $714.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 due to an increase in cumulative capital expenditures and a 999 home increase in the average number of homes owned during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024.

Casualty losses, impairment, and other expenses were $11.4 million and $82.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $10.8 million of net casualty losses and $0.6 million of impairment losses on our single-family residential properties. D uring the year ended December 31, 2024 , casualty losses, impairment, and other expenses were comprised of net casualty losses of $82.4 million, including the recognition of $55.1 million for estimated losses and damages related to Hurricanes Milton, Beryl, Debby, and Helene, net of estimated insurance proceeds, additional storm activity unrelated to hurricanes during the year, and impairment losses of $0.5 million on our single-family residential properties.

Gain on Sale of Property, net of tax

Gain on sale of property, net of tax was $218.2 million and $244.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. A decrease in the number of homes sold from 1,501 for the year ended December 31, 2024 to 1,356 for the year ended December 31, 2025 was the primary driver of the decrease.

Losses from Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

Our share of losses from unconsolidated joint ventures was $11.6 million and $28.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The change was primarily driven by an increase in our share of income and distributions from the FNMA joint venture from 10.0% to 50.0% as a result of achieving a promote interest threshold pursuant to the terms of the joint venture agreement and gains on dispositions of homes within that portfolio.

Other, net

Other, net decreased to $4.3 million of expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $53.0 million of expense for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to settlement and other costs incurred in connection with the resolution of an inquiry from the FTC and the legal dispute entitled City of San Diego et al v. Invitation Homes, Inc. that was settled during the third quarter of 2024. This reduction in expense is partially offset by a decrease in interest earnings on cash balances.

Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023

For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Part II. Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our 202 4 10-K .

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our liquidity and capital resources as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 include unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $130.0 million and $174.5 million, respectively, a 25.5% decrease primarily due to acquisitions of homes . As of December 31, 2025, $1,605.0 million of our revolving facility (the “Revolving Facility”) is undrawn, and there are no restrictions on our ability to draw funds thereunder provided we remain in compliance with all covenants. We have no debt reaching final maturity until June 2027.

Share Repurchase Program

On October 28, 2025, our board of directors authorized the Share Repurchase Program pursuant to which we may acquire shares of our common stock up to an aggregate purchase price of $500.0 million in the open market or negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration date. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we repurchased 2,232,685 shares of our common stock for a total cost of $61.3 million, including legal fees and commissions. During January 2026, we repurchased an additional 1,402,639 shares of our common stock for a total cost of $38.8 million, including legal fees and commissions, leaving $400.0 million available for future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program.

Repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program will be made at our discretion and are not required or guaranteed. The timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, market conditions, and other liquidity needs and priorities.

Acquisition of ResiBuilt

On January 14, 2026, we acquired ResiBuilt, a leading fee homebuilder specializing in single-family rental communities with expertise in land development and construction general contracting across high-growth Southeast markets.

Amendment of 2022 Term Loan Facility

On April 28, 2025, we entered into an amendment to the 2022 Term Loan Facility that (1) amends the initial maturity date from June 22, 2029 to April 28, 2028, with two one year extension options at our election, provided we are in compliance with the loan agreement and pay a 12.5 bps extension fee and (2) adjusts the margin applicable to borrowings.

Public Offering

On August 15, 2025, in a public offering under our shelf registration statement, we issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.95% Senior Notes which mature on January 15, 2033.

Interest Rate Swap Transactions

During the second quarter of 2025, we entered into two new interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of $400.0 million which became active on May 8, 2025 and June 20, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, our active swaps have a weighted average strike rate of 3.07%.

Other

Our ability to access capital as well as to use cash from operations to continue to meet our liquidity needs, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of general economic conditions, including inflation and interest rates, as detailed in Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors.”

Long-Term Debt Strategy

The following table summarizes certain information about our debt obligations as of December 31, 2025 ($ in thousands):

(1) For detailed information about and definition of each of our financing arrangements, see Part IV. Item 15. “Financial Statements — Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.” For information about our derivative instruments that hedge floating rate debt, see Part IV. Item 15. “Financial Statements — Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

(2) Variable interest rate loans are indexed to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) index rate determined by reference to a published forward-looking SOFR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing (“Term SOFR”), including any credit spread adjustments provided for in the terms of the underlying agreement (“Adjusted SOFR”), reflected as “S” in the table above.

(3) Weighted average years to maturity assumes all extension options are exercised, which are subject to certain conditions being met.

(4) IH 2017-1 bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.23% per annum, equal to the market determined pass-through rate payable on the certificates including applicable servicing fees.

(5) IH 2019-1 bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.59% per annum including applicable servicing fees for the first 11 years and for the twelfth year bears interest at a floating rate based on a spread of 147 bps over a comparable or successor rate to the one month London Interbank Offer Rate as provided for in the loan agreement, including applicable servicing fees, subject to certain adjustments as outlined in the loan agreement.

(6) As of December 31, 2025, interest rate is based on Term SOFR of 3.69% plus the applicable margin as well as a 0.10% credit spread adjustment for the 2024 Term Loan and the Revolving Facility.

(7) If we exercise the two one year extension options, the maturity date for the 2022 Term Loan Facility will be April 28, 2030.

(8) For unsecured debt and total debt, the weighted average interest rate is calculated based on December 31, 2025 Term SOFR of 3.69% adjusted for a 0.10% credit spread adjustment (Adjusted SOFR), where appropriate, and includes the impact of interest rate swap agreements effective as of that date.

As part of our long-term debt strategy, our goal is to maintain or improve our credit ratings, and, over time, we generally intend to be a predominantly unsecured borrower with a target net debt of approximately 5.5 to 6.0 times trailing twelve months Adjusted EBITDA re (see “— Non-GAAP Measures — EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re ”). To facilitate our long-term debt strategy, we expect to seek to, among other things, (a) refinance a significant portion of our secured debt maturing in 2027 with unsecured debt, including potential unsecured bond issuances and/or (b) repay a portion of such debt. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our long-term debt strategy, improving our credit ratings, or adhering to our targets in the short or medium term or at all, or that we will not change our strategy or targets in the future. We may from time to time fall outside of our target ranges. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to access the capital and credit markets to obtain additional unsecured debt financing or that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us. For further discussion of risks related to our indebtedness, see Part I. Item 1A. “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Indebtedness,” including “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Indebtedness — We may be unable to obtain financing through the debt and equity markets, which would have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy and our financial condition and results of operations. ”

Short-Term and Long-Term Liquidity Needs

Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, maintain our assets, fund our operations, make dividend payments to our stockholders, and meet other general requirements of our business. Our liquidity, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of:

• commitments for the development or acquisition of homes;

• renovation of newly-acquired homes;

• funding commitments for construction and development loans made to homebuilders;

• HOA fees (as applicable), property taxes, insurance premiums, and the ongoing maintenance of our homes;

• property management, general and administrative, and other entity-level commitments and expenses;

• interest expense;

• dividend payments to our stockholders; and

• required contributions to our joint ventures.

We believe our rental income, net of total expenses, will generally provide cash flow sufficient to fund operations and dividend payments on a short-term basis. Additionally, we have guaranteed the funding of certain tax, insurance, and non-conforming property reserves related to the financing of one of our joint ventures. We do not expect these guarantees to have a material current or future effect on our liquidity. See Part IV. Item 15. “Exhibits and Financial Statements of — Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information about our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.

General economic conditions in the United States have continued to fluctuate in recent quarters, and concerns persist regarding adverse macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, interest rate volatility, political dissension, and labor market conditions. Fluctuating economic conditions and uncertainty in financial markets may negatively impact our operating cash flow such that we are unable to make required debt service payments, which would result in an event of default for any debt instrument under whose loan agreement such payments were not made. Specifically, the collateral within individual borrower

entities may underperform, resulting in cash flow shortfalls for debt service while consolidated cash flows are sufficient to fund our operations. If an event of default occurs for our secured debt, our loan agreements provide certain remedies, including our ability to fund shortfalls from consolidated cash flow; and such an event of default would not result in an immediate acceleration of the loan.

Our real estate assets are illiquid in nature. A timely liquidation of assets may not be a viable source of short-term liquidity should a cash flow shortfall arise, and we may need to source liquidity from other financing sources, such as the Revolving Facility which had an undrawn balance of $1,605.0 million as of December 31, 2025.

Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for the acquisition of, and non-recurring capital expenditures for, our homes and principal and interest payments of our indebtedness. We intend to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through cash provided by operations, long-term secured and unsecured borrowings, the issuance of debt and equity securities, and property dispositions. As a REIT, we are required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income, excluding net capital gain, on an annual basis. Therefore, as a general matter, it is unlikely that we will be able to retain substantial cash balances from our annual taxable income that could be used to meet our liquidity needs. Instead, we will need to meet these needs from external sources of capital and amounts, if any, by which our cash flow generated from operations exceeds taxable income.

Cash Flows

Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2024

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

Operating Activities

Our cash flows provided by operating activities depend on numerous factors, including the occupancy level of our homes, the rental rates achieved on our leases, the collection of rent from our residents, and the amount of our operating and other expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,206.2 million and $1,081.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively , an increase of 11.5%. The increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to improved operational profitability, including a $110.4 million increase in total revenues and a reduction of cash used for settlement of litigation and regulatory matters, partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities between periods.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities consists primarily of the acquisition costs in and capital improvements to homes, proceeds from property sales, and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and land held for development. Net cash used in investing activities was $652.6 million and $465.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, an increase of $186.7 million. The net increase in cash used in investing activities resulted primarily from the combined effect of the following significant changes in cash flows during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the year ended December 31, 2024: (1) a decrease in cash proceeds received from the sale of single-family homes; (2) a decrease in cash from repayment proceeds from retained debt securities; (3) an increase in cash used for other capital expenditures for our homes; and (4) an increase in cash used for investments in land held for development. More specifically, proceeds from the sale of single-family homes decreased $87.1 million due to a decrease in the number of homes sold from 1,501 during the year ended December 31, 2024 to 1,356 homes sold during the year ended December 31, 2025, as well as a decrease in average net proceeds per home. Repayment proceeds from retained debt securities totaled $32.2 million during year ended December 31, 2024 d ue to the full repayment of IH 2018-4, and there were no such repayments during the year ended December 31, 2025. O ther capital expenditures for our homes increased by $23.4 million year over year due to a 999 home

increase in average home count and other increases in costs to maintain our homes. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we began investing in land held for future development and acquired $20.2 million of land.

Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities was $618.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to $1,093.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The change between periods is primarily due to the following financing transactions. During the year ended December 31, 2025, w e issued $596.9 million of unsecured notes, net of discount, and used the proceeds to repay the then-outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility. We subsequently drew $145.0 million on the revolving credit facility. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we issued $494.3 million of unsecured notes, net of discount, and entered into a replacement credit facility. The proceeds from this refinancing were used to repay the existing credit facility and $645.7 million of secured debt, including the voluntary prepayment of the IH 2018-4 debt, and to fund $54.2 million of financing costs. W e made dividend and distribution payments totaling $715.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to $692.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2024, which were funded by cash flows from operations. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2025, we completed the repurchase of $53.2 million of shares of our common stock under the Share Repurchase Program. No such repurchases occurred during the year ended December 31, 2024.

Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023

For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Part II. Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Cash Flows” of our 2024 10-K .

Contractual Obligations

Our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2025, consist of the following:

(1) For detailed information about each of our financing arrangements and derivative instruments see Part IV. Item 15. “Exhibits and Financial Statements — Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” and “— Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

(2) Includes estimated interest payments through the extended maturity date, as applicable, based on the principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2025.

(3) Interest is calculated at rates in effect as of December 31, 2025, including the indexed rate, any credit spread adjustment, and any applicable margin, and that rate is held constant until the maturity date. As of December 31, 2025, Term SOFR was 3.69%.

(4) Calculated based on the maturity date if we exercise each of the remaining extension options available, which are subject to certain conditions being met. See Part IV. Item 15. “Exhibits and Financial Statements — Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for a description of maturity dates without consideration of extension options.

(5) Includes the related facility fee, as applicable.

(6) Includes payments (receipts) related to interest rate swap obligations calculated using Term SOFR. As of December 31, 2025, Term SOFR was 3.69%.

(7) Represents commitments, net of previously funded deposits, to acquire 841 homes, including commitments totaling $220.0 million to acquire 809 homes pursuant to binding development and purchase agreements with certain homebuilders as of December 31, 2025.

Additionally, we have commitments, which are not reflected in the table above, to make additional capital contributions to our joint ventures. As of December 31, 2025, our remaining equity commitments to our joint ventures total $137.9 million.

Supplemental Guarantor Information

INVH, INVH LP, the General Partner, and IH Merger Sub, LLC (“IH Merger Sub”) have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC registering, among other securities, debt securities of INVH LP, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by INVH, the General Partner, and/or IH Merger Sub. Pursuant to Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, subsidiary issuers of obligations guaranteed by the parent are not required to provide separate financial statements, provided that the subsidiary obligor is consolidated into the parent company’s consolidated financial statements, the parent guarantee is “full and unconditional” and, subject to certain exceptions as set forth below, the alternative disclosure required by Rule 13-01 is provided, which includes narrative disclosure and summarized financial information. Accordingly, separate consolidated financial statements of INVH LP, the General Partner, and IH Merger Sub have not been presented.

Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi) of Regulation S-X, we have excluded the summarized financial information for the INVH LP, the General Partner, and IH Merger Sub, because the combined assets, liabilities, and results of operations of INVH, INVH LP, the General Partner, and IH Merger Sub are not materially different than the corresponding amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and would not provide incremental value to investors.

Purchase of Outstanding Debt Securities or Loans

As market conditions warrant, we may from time to time seek to purchase our outstanding debt or debt securities that we may issue in the future, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. Subject to any applicable limitations contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, any purchases made by us may be funded by the use of cash on our consolidated balance sheet or the incurrence of new secured or unsecured debt, including borrowings under our Credit Facility. The amounts involved in any such purchase transactions, individually or in the aggregate, may be material. Any such purchases may be with respect to a substantial amount of a particular class or series of debt, with the attendant reduction in the trading liquidity of such class or series. In addition, any such purchases made at prices below the “adjusted issue price” (as defined for United States federal income tax purposes) may result in taxable cancellation of indebtedness income to us, which amounts may be material, and in related adverse tax consequences to us.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of our historical financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that affect the amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could ultimately differ from those estimates. For a discussion of recently-issued and adopted accounting standards, see Part IV. Item 15. “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules — Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

Critical accounting policies are those accounting estimates that management believes are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.

Investments in Single-Family Residential Properties

The following significant accounting policies affect the acquisition, disposition, recognition, classification, and fair value measurements (on a nonrecurring basis) related to our owned portfolio of 86,192 single-family residentia l properties located primarily in 16 core markets across the United States as of December 31, 2025. For a complete discussion of our accounting policy and other factors related to each category below, see Part IV. Item 15. “Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules — Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

• Acquisition of Real Estate Assets: Our purchases of homes are generally treated as asset acquisitions unless acquired in connection with a business combination. For asset acquisitions, homes are recorded at their purchase price, which is allocated between land, building and improvements, and in-place lease intangibles (when a resident is in place at the acquisition date) based upon their relative fair values at the date of acquisition. The purchase price for purposes of this allocation is inclusive of acquisition costs which typically include legal fees, bidding service and title fees, payments made to cure tax, utility, HOA, and other mechanic’s and miscellaneous liens, as well as other closing costs. The attributes and location of each home acquired are considered at the individual home level when determining the percentage of purchase price allocated to building and improvements versus land. As such, these allocation percentages vary based on the homes acquired during each reporting period. If the percentage allocated to buildings and improvements versus land for the homes acquired during the year ended December 31, 2025 was increased or decreased by 500 bps, our annualized depreciation expense would have changed by approximately $1.2 million.

• Cost Capitalization: We incur costs to acquire, stabilize, and prepare our single-family residential properties to be leased. We capitalize these costs as a component of our investment in each single-family residential property, using specific identification and relative allocation methodologies. The capitalization period associated with our stabilization activities begins at the time that such activities commence and concludes at the time that a single-family residential property is available to be leased.

Once a property is ready for its intended use, expenditures for ordinary maintenance and repairs thereafter are expensed to operations as incurred. We capitalize expenditures that improve or extend the life of a home and for certain furniture and fixtures additions.

The capitalized costs are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which are reviewed on an annual basis. The weighted average useful lives range from 7 to 32 years. If the useful lives for costs capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2025 were increased or decreased by 10%, our annualized depreciation expense would have changed by approximately $6.0 million.

• Provisions for Impairment: We continuously evaluate, by property, whether there are any events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of our single-family residential properties may not be recoverable. To the extent an event or change in circumstance is identified, a residential property is considered to be impaired only if its carrying value cannot be recovered through estimated future undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the property. To the extent an impairment has occurred, the carrying amount of our investment in a property is adjusted to its estimated fair value. The process to assess our single-family residential properties for impairment requires significant judgment and assessment of factors that are, at times, subject to significant uncertainty. We evaluate multiple information sources and perform a number of internal analyses, each of which are important components of our process with no single information source or analysis being necessarily determinative. There have not been any significant process changes in our review for impairment during the current reporting period. For those homes for which a change in an event or circumstance was identified in the most recent impairment analysis, a 10% decrease in the estimated fair value of those homes may have resulted in an increase in impairment expense of $1.0 million.

• Single-Family Residential Properties Held for Sale: From time to time, we may identify single-family residential properties to be sold. Once we identify a property to be sold, pursuant to GAAP requirements, we cease depreciating the property, measure the property at the lower of its carrying amount or its fair value less estimated costs to sell, and present the property separately within other assets, net on our consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2025, 278 homes, approximately 0.3% of our portfolio, were held for sale. If market values less disposal costs for our properties that were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2025 were 10% lower or higher, our impairment expense related to those properties would not have been material.

Segment Reporting

Our principal business is acquiring, renovating, leasing, operating, and managing single-family residential properties. Under the provisions of ASC 280, Segment Reporting , we have determined that we currently operate in one reportable segment.

Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”). We concluded that we have one reportable segment based on the way our CODM regularly reviews internally reported financial information to evaluate performance, make operating decisions, and allocate resources at a consolidated level. Net income as reported on our consolidated statements of operations is a primary metric utilized by the CODM to analyze the performance of the segment, including budget versus actual performance, and to allocate resources.

Non-GAAP Measures

EBITDA, EBITDAre, and Adjusted EBITDAre

EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re are supplemental, non-GAAP measures often utilized to evaluate the performance of real estate companies. We define EBITDA as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before the following items: interest expense; income tax expense; depreciation and amortization; and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“Nareit”) recommends as a best practice that REITs that report an EBITDA performance measure also report EBITDA re . Consistent with the Nareit definition, we define EBITDA re as EBITDA, further adjusted for the following: gain on sale of property, net of tax; and impairment on depreciated real estate investments. Adjusted EBITDA re is defined as EBITDA re before the following items: share-based compensation expense; severance; casualty (gains) losses and reserves, net; and other income and expenses.

EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re are used as supplemental financial performance measures by management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors and commercial banks. Set forth below is additional detail on how management uses EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re as measures of performance.

Our management uses EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re in a number of ways to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe these measures are helpful to management and external users in identifying trends in our performance. EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re help management identify controllable expenses and make decisions designed to help us meet our current financial goals and optimize our financial performance, while neutralizing the impact of capital structure on results. Accordingly, we believe these metrics measure our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely our cost structure and expenses.

We believe that the presentation of EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re provides information useful to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re is net income or loss. EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re are not used as measures of our liquidity and should not be considered alternatives to net income or loss or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Our EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re may not be comparable to the EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re of other companies due to the fact that not all companies use the same definitions of EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re . Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our basis for computing these non-GAAP measures is comparable with that of other companies.

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (as determined in accordance with GAAP) to EBITDA, EBITDA re , and Adjusted EBITDA re for each of the periods indicated:

(1) For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, $6,419, $5,830, and $6,963, was recorded in property management expense, respectively, and $21,411, $22,088, and $22,540, was recorded in general and administrative expense, respectively.

(2) The year ended December 31, 2024 included $55,100 of estimated losses and damages related to Hurricanes Milton, Beryl, Debby, and Helene.

(3) Includes settlement and other costs related to certain litigation and regulatory matters, interest income, gains and losses resulting from investments in equity securities, and other miscellaneous income and expenses.

Net Operating Income

NOI is a non-GAAP measure often used to evaluate the performance of real estate companies. We define NOI for an identified population of homes as rental revenues and other property income less property operating and maintenance expense (which consists primarily of property taxes, insurance, HOA fees (when applicable), market-level personnel expenses, utility expenses, repairs and maintenance, and property administration). NOI excludes: interest expense; depreciation and amortization; property management expense; general and administrative expense; casualty losses, impairment, and other; gain on sale of property, net of tax; other income and expenses; management fee revenues; and (income) losses from investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.

We consider NOI to be a meaningful supplemental financial measure of our performance when considered with the financial statements determined in accordance with GAAP. We believe NOI is helpful to investors in understanding the core performance of our real estate operations. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to NOI is net income or loss. NOI is not used as a measure of liquidity and should not be considered as an alternative to net income or loss or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Our NOI may not be comparable to the NOI of other companies due to the fact that not all companies use the same definition of NOI. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our basis for computing this non-GAAP measure is comparable with that of other companies.

We believe that Same Store NOI is also a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance for the same reasons as NOI and is further helpful to investors as it provides a more consistent measurement of our performance across reporting periods by reflecting NOI for homes in our Same Store portfolio.

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (as determined in accordance with GAAP) to NOI for our total portfolio and NOI for our Same Store portfolio for each of the periods indicated:

(1) Includes $6,419, $5,830, and $6,963 of share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

(2) Includes $21,411, $22,088, and $22,540 of share-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

(3) The year ended December 31, 2024 included $55,100 of estimated losses and damages related to Hurricanes Milton, Beryl, Debby, and Helene.

(4) Includes settlement and other costs related to certain litigation and regulatory matters, interest income, gains and losses resulting from investments in equity securities, and other miscellaneous income and expenses.

(5) The Same Store portfolio totaled 76,819 homes for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

Funds from Operations, Core Funds from Operations, and Adjusted Funds from Operations

Funds From Operations (“FFO”), Core FFO, and Adjusted FFO are supplemental, non-GAAP measures often utilized to evaluate the performance of real estate companies. FFO is defined by Nareit as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP) excluding gains or losses from sales of previously depreciated real estate assets, plus depreciation, amortization and impairment of real estate assets, and adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures.

We believe that FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of the operating performance of our business because historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with GAAP assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, as reflected through depreciation and amortization. Because real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, management considers FFO an appropriate supplemental performance measure as it excludes historical cost depreciation and amortization, impairment on depreciated real estate investments, gains or losses related to sales of previously depreciated homes, as well non-controlling interests, from net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP). By excluding depreciation and amortization and gains or losses on sales of real estate, management uses FFO to measure returns on its investments in homes. However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of the homes that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures to maintain the operating performance of the homes, all of which have real economic effect and could materially affect our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited.

Management also believes that FFO, combined with the required GAAP presentations, is useful to investors in providing more meaningful comparisons of the operating performance of a company’s real estate between periods or as compared to other companies. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to FFO is net income or loss. FFO is not used as a measure of our liquidity and should not be considered an alternative to net income or loss or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Our FFO may not be comparable to the FFO of other companies due to the fact that not all companies use the same definition of FFO. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our basis for computing this non-GAAP measure is comparable with that of other companies.

We believe that Core FFO and Adjusted FFO are also meaningful supplemental measures of our operating performance for the same reasons as FFO and are further helpful to investors as they provide a more consistent measurement of our performance across reporting periods by removing the impact of certain items that are not comparable from period to period. We define Core FFO as FFO adjusted for the following (including adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures, as applicable): non-cash interest expense related to amortization of deferred financing costs, loan discounts, and non-cash interest expense from derivatives; share-based compensation expense; legal settlements; severance expense; casualty (gains) losses and reserves, net; and (gains) losses on investments in equity and other securities, net, as applicable. We define Adjusted FFO as Core FFO less recurring capital expenditures, including adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures, that are necessary to help preserve the value and maintain the functionality of our homes. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to Core FFO and Adjusted FFO is net income or loss. Core FFO and Adjusted FFO are not used as measures of our liquidity and should not be considered alternatives to net income or loss or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Our Core FFO and Adjusted FFO may not be comparable to the Core FFO and Adjusted FFO of other companies due to the fact that not all companies use the same definition of Core FFO and Adjusted FFO. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our basis for computing these non-GAAP measures is comparable with that of other companies.

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (as determined in accordance with GAAP) to FFO, Core FFO, and Adjusted FFO for each of the periods indicated:

(1) Includes our share from unconsolidated joint ventures.

(2) For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, $6,419, $5,830, and $6,963, was recorded in property management expense, respectively, and $21,411, $22,088, and $22,540, was recorded in general and administrative expense, respectively.

(3) The year ended December 31, 2024 included $77,000 of settlement costs that resolved an inquiry from the FTC and the legal dispute entitled City of San Diego et al v. Invitation Homes, Inc., inclusive of associated costs.

(4) The year ended December 31, 2024 included $55,100 of estimated losses and damages related to Hurricanes Milton, Beryl, Debby, and Helene.

(5) Incremental shares attributed to non-vested share-based awards totaling 229,485, 1,080,300 and 1,394,924 for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, are included in weighted average common shares outstanding in the calculation of net income per common share — diluted. For the computations of FFO, Core FFO, and AFFO per common share — diluted, common share equivalents of 626,263, 1,376,141 and 1,638,264 for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, related to incremental shares attributed to non-vested share-based awards are included in the denominator.

(6) Vested units of partnership interests in INVH LP (“OP Units”) have been excluded from the computation of net income per common share — diluted for the periods above because all net income attributable to the vested OP Units has been recorded as non-controlling interest and thus excluded from net income available to common stockholders. Weighted average vested OP Units of 2,068,892, 1,954,212 and 1,835,686 for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, are included in the denominator for the computations of FFO, Core FFO, and AFFO per common share — diluted.
