ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Recent macroeconomic events have resulted in negative impacts on global economies and financial markets, which may increase our foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk. For further discussion of the potential impacts of these events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, see “Risk Factors” included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

We transact business globally in multiple currencies. As a result, our operating results and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As of January 31, 2025, our most significant currency exposures were the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar.

Due to our exposure to market risks that may result from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we enter into foreign currency derivative hedging transactions to mitigate these risks. For further information, see Note 10, Derivative Instruments , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

Interest Rate Risk on our Investments

We had cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $8.0 billion and $7.8 billion as of January 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively. Cash equivalents and marketable securities were invested primarily in U.S. treasury securities, U.S. agency obligations, corporate bonds, commercial paper, money market funds, and asset-backed securities. The cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held primarily for working capital and general corporate purposes. Our investment portfolios are managed to preserve capital and meet liquidity needs. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes.

Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of debt securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fluctuate due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. Further, since our debt securities are classified as “available-for-sale,” if the fair value of the security declines below its amortized cost basis, then any portion of that decline attributable to credit losses, to the extent expected to be nonrecoverable before the sale of the impaired security, is recognized on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

A hypothetical increase or decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately $89 million market value reduction or increase in our investment portfolio as of January 31, 2025. A hypothetical increase or decrease of 100 basis points in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately $57 million market value reduction or increase in our investment portfolio as of January 31, 2024. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur.

Interest Rate Risk on our Debt

The Senior Notes have fixed annual interest rates, and therefore we do not have economic interest rate exposure on these debt obligations. However, the fair values of the Senior Notes are exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair values of the Senior Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise.

Borrowings under our 2022 Credit Agreement will bear interest, at our option, at a base rate plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.500% or a secured overnight financing rate (“SOFR”) plus 10 basis points, plus a margin of 0.750% to 1.500%, with such margin being determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio or debt rating. Because the interest rates applicable to borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement are variable, we are exposed to market risk from changes in the underlying index rates, which affect our cost of borrowing.

For further information, see Note 11, Debt , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.
