ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information for Common Stock

Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “WDAY”. Our Class B common stock is not listed or traded on any stock exchange.

Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business and do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our capital stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions, and other factors that our Board of Directors considers relevant.

Stockholders

As of March 7, 2025, there were 16 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock (not including an indeterminate number of beneficial holders of stock held in street name through brokers and other intermediaries) and 60 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

See Part III, Item 12 “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters” for more information regarding securities authorized for issuance.

Stock Performance Graph

The following shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided by this Item 5, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.

This chart compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 1500 Application Software Index. The chart assumes $100 was invested at the close of market on January 31, 2020, in our Class A common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P 1500 Application Software Index, and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

None.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

The table below sets forth information regarding our purchases of our Class A common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2025 (in millions, except number of shares which are reflected in thousands and per share data):

(1) In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, under which we may repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Prior to the August 2024 Share Repurchase Program, our Board of Directors authorized a $500 million share repurchase program in February 2024, which we completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2025, and a $500 million share repurchase program in November 2022, which we completed in the first quarter of fiscal 2025. For further information, see Note 14, Stockholders’ Equity , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this report.

ITEM 6. [Reserved]
