Item 7A. Qua ntitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Market risk

We do not engage in speculative transactions, nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In connection with the refinancings and recapitalizations of our business, we have issued fixed rate notes and entered into variable funding notes, and, at December 28, 2025, we are exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings under our 2025 Variable Funding Notes. As of December 28, 2025, we did not have any outstanding borrowings under our 2025 Variable Funding Notes.

Our 2025 Variable Funding Notes bear interest at fluctuating interest rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“Term SOFR”), plus a spread adjustment. Accordingly, a rising interest rate environment could result in higher interest expense due on borrowings under our 2025 Variable Funding Notes, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected.

Our fixed-rate debt exposes us to changes in market interest rates reflected in the fair value of the debt and to the risk that the Company may need to refinance maturing debt with new debt at a higher rate.

We are exposed to market risks from changes in food and commodity prices. During the normal course of business, we purchase cheese and certain other food products that are affected by changes in commodity prices and, as a result, we are subject to volatility in our food costs. Severe increases in commodity prices or food costs, including as a result of inflation, could affect the global and U.S. economies and could also adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We may periodically enter into financial instruments to manage this risk, although we have not done so historically. We do not engage in speculative transactions or hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In instances when we use fixed pricing agreements with our suppliers, these agreements cover our physical commodity needs, are not net-settled and are accounted for as normal purchases.

Foreign currency exchange rate risk

We have exposure to various foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for revenues generated by our operations outside the U.S., which can adversely impact our net income and cash flows. Approximately 6.9% of our total revenues in 2025, 6.8% of our total revenues in 2024 and 6.9% of our total revenues in 2023 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada, which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. We do not enter into financial instruments to manage this foreign currency exchange risk. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates for our international markets would have resulted in a negative impact on international franchise royalty and fee revenues of approximately $30.0 million in 2025.
