Item 1B. Unres olved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Cybersecurity Governance The Company’s entire Board of Directors is engaged in risk management oversight, including the oversight of risks from cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its oversight of Domino’s company-wide risk management and the process established to identify, assess, measure, monitor and manage risks, including major information security and cybersecurity risks, with input from the Company’s internal committee dedicated to assessing and managing enterprise risk comprised of Company executives in addition to other senior leaders within the Company (the “Enterprise Risk Committee”). Cybersecurity and related matters are a recurring topic at meetings of the Audit Committee and the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Technology and Data Officer (“CTO”) and Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) provide the Audit Committee with an update on the Company’s cybersecurity risk profile and strategy at multiple Audit Committee meetings each year. These updates include both qualitative and quantitative information on the effectiveness of the Company’s cybersecurity controls. At an operational level, the Company’s cybersecurity strategy is shaped by its CISO who is ultimately responsible for implementing the Company’s cybersecurity policies, procedures and strategy under the oversight of the Enterprise Risk Committee. The Company’s CISO regularly provides updates to the Enterprise Risk Committee at relevant meetings and provides additional updates to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and President, Domino’s U.S., Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and CTO on a regular basis in between the meetings of the Enterprise Risk Committee. Such updates are designed to ensure the Enterprise Risk Committee and Company executives remain informed about and are able to monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Company’s CISO has multiple decades of experience in the cybersecurity and information security fields with relevant experience supplemented by undergraduate and post-graduate degrees in information technology and security and completion of additional related executive education, along with holding several industry-recognized cybersecurity certifications. The Company’s CTO supplements the expertise and experience of the CISO. Under the oversight of the Enterprise Risk Committee, relevant information regarding the Company’s cybersecurity profile and any cybersecurity threats or incidents is then communicated during the regular updates to the Audit Committee in a process designed to ensure the Board of Directors and Audit Committee maintains appropriate oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity strategy and risk profile. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy Cybersecurity is a key component of the Company’s overall risk management system, and the Company believes it has implemented robust processes that are designed to effectively manage risks from cybersecurity threats. In addition to maintaining insurance coverage to address cyber incidents, the Company has also implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks. Domino’s cybersecurity program is embedded into the Company’s enterprise risk management framework from both a resource allocation and strategic initiative perspective and is supported by an extensive catalog of layered security controls that are designed to prevent and detect internal and external security threats and safeguard privacy and personal data of customers, team members, franchisees and other business partners. Domino’s maintains this comprehensive information security program with a dedicated team that is responsible for directing, coordinating, planning and organizing information security activities throughout the Company and is led by the Company’s CISO .
