ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY

Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol STT. There were 1,784 shareholders of record as of January 30, 2026.

On January 19, 2024, we announced a common share repurchase program, approved by the Board and superseding all prior programs, authorizing the purchase of up to $5.0 billion of our common stock beginning in the first quarter of 2024 (the 2024 Program). During 2025, we repurchased $1.2 billion of our common stock and since its inception we have repurchased an aggregate of $2.50 billion of our common stock under the 2024 Program through December 31, 2025. This program has no set expiration date.

The following table presents the activity under our common share repurchase program for each of the months in the quarter ended December 31, 2025.

(1) As of December 31, 2025, approximately $2.5 billion was remaining under the 2024 share repurchase authorization.

Stock purchases under our common stock repurchase programs may be made using various types of transactions, including open-market purchases, accelerated share repurchases or other transactions off the market, and may be made under Rule 10b5-1 trading programs. The timing and amount of any stock purchases and the type of transaction may not be ratable over the duration of the program, may vary from reporting period to reporting period and will depend on several factors, including our capital position and our financial performance, investment opportunities, market conditions, regulatory considerations including the nature and timing of implementation of revisions to the Basel III framework, and the amount of common stock issued as part of employee compensation programs. Our common stock purchase program does not have specific price targets and may be suspended at any time. We may employ third-party broker/dealers to acquire shares on the open market in connection with our common stock purchase programs.

Additional information about our common stock, including Board authorization with respect to purchases by us of our common stock, is provided under “Capital” in “Financial Condition” in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis and in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K.

RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

As a bank holding company, our Parent Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its principal banking subsidiary, State Street Bank, and its non-banking subsidiaries. The right of the Parent Company to participate as a shareholder in any distribution of assets of State Street Bank upon its liquidation, reorganization or otherwise is subject to the prior claims by creditors of State Street Bank, including obligations for federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements and deposit liabilities.

Payment of dividends by State Street Bank is subject to the provisions of the Massachusetts banking law, which provide that State Street Bank’s Board of Directors may declare, from State Street Bank’s “net profits,” as defined below, cash dividends annually, semi-annually or quarterly (but not more frequently) and can declare non-cash dividends at any time. Under Massachusetts banking law, for purposes of determining the amount of cash dividends that are payable by State Street Bank, “net profits” is defined as an amount equal to the remainder of all earnings from current operations plus actual recoveries on loans and investments and other assets, after deducting from the total thereof all current operating expenses, actual losses, accrued dividends on preferred stock, if any, and all federal and state taxes.

State Street Corporation | 56

No dividends may be declared, credited or paid so long as there is any impairment of State Street Bank’s capital stock. The approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required if the total of all dividends declared by State Street Bank in any calendar year would exceed the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two years, less any required transfer to surplus or to a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock.

Under Federal Reserve regulations, the approval of the Federal Reserve would be required for the payment of dividends by State Street Bank if the total amount of all dividends declared by State Street Bank in any calendar year, including any proposed dividend, would exceed the total of its net income for such calendar year as reported in State Street Bank’s Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income for a Bank with Domestic and Foreign Offices Only - FFIEC 031 , commonly referred to as the “Call Report,” as submitted through the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council and provided to the Federal Reserve, plus its “retained net income” for the preceding two calendar years. For these purposes, “retained net income,” as of any date of determination, is defined as an amount equal to State Street Bank’s net income (as reported in its Call Reports for the calendar year in which retained net income is being determined) less any dividends declared during such year. In determining the amount of dividends that are payable, the total of State Street Bank’s net income for the current year and its retained net income for the preceding two calendar years is reduced by any net losses incurred in the current or preceding two-year period and by any required transfers to surplus or to a fund for the retirement of preferred stock.

Prior Federal Reserve approval also must be obtained if a proposed dividend would exceed State Street Bank’s “undivided profits” (retained earnings) as reported in its Call Reports. State Street Bank may include in its undivided profits amounts contained in its surplus account, if the amounts reflect transfers of undivided profits made in prior periods and if the Federal Reserve’s approval for the transfer back to undivided profits has been obtained.

Under the PCA provisions adopted pursuant to the FDIC Improvement Act of 1991, State Street Bank may not pay a dividend when it is deemed, under the PCA framework, to be under-capitalized, or when the payment of the dividend would cause State Street Bank to be under-capitalized. If State Street Bank is under-capitalized for purposes of the PCA framework, it must cease paying dividends for so long as it is deemed to be under-capitalized. Once earnings have begun to improve and an adequate capital position has been restored, dividend payments may resume in accordance with federal and state statutory limitations and guidelines.

For a discussion of the role of the Federal Reserve and its regulations in connection with the Parent Company’s capital planning and dividend practices, see “Capital Planning, Stress Tests and Dividends” in “Supervision and Regulation” in “Item 1. Business”. Information about dividends declared by our Parent Company and dividends from our subsidiary banks is provided under “Capital” in “Financial Condition” in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. Future dividend payments of State Street Bank and our non-banking subsidiaries cannot be determined at this time. In addition, refer to “Capital Planning, Stress Tests and Dividends” in “Supervision and Regulation” in Business in this Form 10-K and the risk factor “Our business and capital-related activities, including our ability to return capital to shareholders and repurchase our capital stock, may be adversely affected by our implementation of regulatory capital and liquidity standards that we must meet or as a result of regulatory capital stress testing” in Risk Factors in this Form 10-K.

Information about our equity compensation plans is provided in Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, and in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

State Street Corporation | 57

SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE PRESENTATION

The graph below presents the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock as compared to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and a Direct Peer Group over a five-year period. The cumulative total shareholder return assumes the investment of $100 in our common stock and in each index on December 31, 2020 and reinvestment of common stock dividends.

• The KBW Bank Index is a modified cap-weighted index consisting of 24 exchange-listed stocks, representing national money center banks and leading regional institutions, and is our primary comparator group index.

• The Direct Peer Group is composed of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and Northern Trust Corporation.

The following table compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index, the KBW Bank Index and a Direct Peer Group over a one-year, three-year and five-year period.

State Street Corporation | 58

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
