ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Our primary market risks are exposures to changes in interest rates impacting our investment income and interest expense and the fair value of certain of our fixed-rate investments, including our loan receivables, and debt.

As of December 31, 2025, we had $34 billion of financial assets on which the interest rates received vary with market interest rates, which may significantly impact our investment income. Also as of December 31, 2025, $27 billion of our financial liabilities, which include debt and deposit liabilities, were at interest rates which vary with market rates, either directly or through the use of related interest rate swap contracts.

The fair value of our fixed-rate investments and debt also varies with market interest rates. As of December 31, 2025, $48 billion of our investments were fixed-rate debt securities and $51 billion of our debt was non-swapped fixed-rate term debt. An increase in market interest rates decreases the market value of fixed-rate investments and fixed-rate debt. Conversely, a decrease in market interest rates increases the market value of fixed-rate investments and fixed-rate debt.

We manage exposure to market interest rates by diversifying investments across different fixed-income market sectors and debt across maturities, as well as by matching a portion of our floating-rate assets and liabilities, either directly or through the use of interest rate swap contracts. Unrealized gains and losses on investments in available-for-sale debt securities are reported in comprehensive income.

The following tables summarize the impact of hypothetical changes in market interest rates across the entire yield curve by 1% point or 2% points as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 on our investment income and interest expense per annum and the fair value of our investments and debt (in millions, except percentages):

Note: The impact of hypothetical changes in interest rates may not reflect the full 100 or 200 basis point change on interest income and interest expense or on the fair value of financial assets and liabilities as the rates are assumed to not fall below zero.

As of December 31, 2025, we had $ 5.5 billion of investments in equity securities, primarily consisting of venture investments and employee savings plan related investments.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries:

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 2, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Audit and Finance Committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Medical Care Services Incurred but not Reported (IBNR) - Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements.

Critical Audit Matter Description

Medical costs payable includes estimates of the Company’s obligations for medical care services rendered on behalf of insured consumers, for which claims have either not yet been received or processed. The Company develops estimates for medical care services incurred but not reported (IBNR) using an actuarial model that requires management to exercise certain judgments in developing its estimates. Judgments made by management include medical cost per member per month trend factors and completion factors, which include assumptions over the time from date of service to claim receipt, the impact of actual care activity, and processing cycles.

We identified medical care services IBNR as a critical audit matter because it requires significant management assumptions in estimating the liability. This required complex auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort, including the involvement of actuarial specialists in performing procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s methods, assumptions, and judgments in developing estimates for medical care services IBNR.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to medical care services IBNR included the following, among others:

• We tested the effectiveness of controls over management’s estimate of the IBNR for these services, including controls over the judgments in both the completion factors and the medical cost per member per month trend factors, as well as controls over the claims and membership data used in the estimation process.

• We tested the underlying claims and membership data and other information that served as the basis for the actuarial analysis, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were complete and accurate.

• With the assistance of actuarial specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the actuarial methods and assumptions used by management to estimate IBNR for these services by:

– Performing an overlay of the historical claims data used in management’s current year model to the data used in prior periods to validate that there were no material changes to the claims data tested in prior periods.

– Developing an independent estimate of the IBNR for these services and comparing our estimate to management’s estimate.

– Performing a retrospective review comparing management’s prior year estimate of IBNR to claims processed in 2025 with dates of service in 2024 or prior.

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.

UnitedHealth Group

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

UnitedHealth Group

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

UnitedHealth Group

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

UnitedHealth Group

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

UnitedHealth Group

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

UnitedHealth Group

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Description of Business

UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (individually and together with its subsidiaries, “UnitedHealth Group” and “the Company”) is a health care and well-being company with a mission to help people live healthier lives and help make the health system work better for everyone. The Company’s two distinct, yet complementary businesses — Optum and UnitedHealthcare — are working to help build a modern, high-performing health system through improved access, affordability, outcomes and experiences for the individuals and organizations the Company is privileged to serve.

2. Basis of Presentation, Use of Estimates and Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The Company has prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements according to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and has included the accounts of UnitedHealth Group and its subsidiaries, including variable interest entities. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Use of Estimates

These Consolidated Financial Statements include certain amounts based on the Company’s best estimates and judgments. The Company’s most significant estimates relate to estimates and judgments for medical costs payable and goodwill. Certain of these estimates require the application of complex assumptions and judgments, often because they involve matters inherently uncertain and will likely change in subsequent periods. The impact of any change in estimates is included in earnings in the period in which the estimate is adjusted.

Net Portfolio Divestitures, Restructuring and Other Actions and Direct Response Costs - Cyberattack

Net Portfolio Divestitures

In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company took various actions as a result of a strategic review of the Company’s assets and businesses to operationally advance and scale core businesses and initiatives, including the value-based care business at Optum Health. These actions primarily include losses on business exits and dispositions and other businesses held for sale and a gain on the deconsolidation of a business. As a result of the Company’s portfolio actions, the Company recorded a net gain of $ 568 million, which included a net gain of $ 1.5 billion at Optum Rx, partially offset by losses of $ 821 million and $ 68 million at Optum Health and Optum Insight, respectively. Gains and losses on portfolio actions were recorded within operating costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Restructuring and Other Actions

Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2025 the Company took restructuring and other actions that resulted in a total impact of $ 2.5 billion, which included real estate rationalization and workforce reductions of $ 746 million, contractual reassessments of $ 573 million, the establishment a loss contract reserve related to anticipated future losses in 2026 for certain value-based care businesses of $ 623 million, net valuation losses on equity securities of $ 329 million and the advance funding of the United Health Foundation of $ 250 million. The $ 2.5 billion impact of the restructuring and other actions was a reduction to premium revenue of $ 122 million and investment and other income of $ 397 million, and increased medical costs $ 623 million and operating costs $ 1.4 billion on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impacts by reportable segment were $ 153 million, $ 1.7 billion, $ 236 million and $ 389 million, for UnitedHealthcare, Optum Health, Optum Insight and Optum Rx, respectively.

Direct Response Costs – Cyberattack

To support care providers impacted by the Change Healthcare cyberattack that occurred on February 21, 2024, the Company provided interest-free loans. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company increased its reserves for net collection expectations associated with provider loans and other customer balances of $ 799 million, which are primarily within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were recorded within operating costs within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. These amounts are included within Optum Insight’s results.

Revenues

Premiums

Premium revenues are primarily derived from risk-based arrangements in which the premium is typically at a fixed rate per individual served for a one-year period, and the Company assumes the economic risk of funding its customers’ health care and related administrative costs.

Premium revenues are recognized in the period in which eligible individuals are entitled to receive health care benefits. Health care premium payments received from the Company’s customers in advance of the service period are recorded as unearned revenues. Fully insured commercial products of U.S. health plans, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit (Medicare Part D) plans with medical loss ratios (MLRs) as calculated under the definitions in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ACA) and related federal and state regulations and implementing regulation, falling below certain targets are required to rebate ratable portions of their premiums annually. Commercial premiums within the Company’s individual and small group markets are also subject to the ACA risk adjustment program. Medicare Advantage premium revenue includes the impact of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) quality bonuses based on plans’ Star rating. Certain of the Company’s Medicaid business is also subject to state minimum MLR rebates.

Premium revenues are recognized based on the estimated premiums earned, net of projected rebates, because the Company is able to reasonably estimate the ultimate premiums of these contracts. The Company also records premium revenues for certain value-based care arrangements at its Optum Health care delivery businesses. Under these arrangements, the Company enters into agreements with health plans to stand ready to deliver, integrate, direct and control certain health care services for patients. In exchange, the Company receives a premium that is typically paid on a per-patient per-month basis. The Company considers these value-based care arrangements to represent a single performance obligation where premium revenues are recognized in the period in which health care services are made available.

The Company’s Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D premium revenues are subject to periodic and retroactive adjustments based upon the CMS risk adjustment methodology, which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. The CMS risk adjustment model provides higher per member payments for enrollees diagnosed with certain conditions and lower payments for enrollees who are healthier. CMS updates the model annually and changes to risk weights, or the condition coefficient, by specific diagnoses can impact premium revenue for a member between years. Under this risk adjustment methodology, CMS calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis and encounter data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient and physician treatment settings. The Company and health care providers collect, capture and submit the necessary and available data to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The Company estimates risk adjustment premium revenues based upon the data submitted and expected to be submitted to CMS. Risk adjustment data for the Company’s plans are subject to review by the government, including audit by regulators. See Note 12 for additional information regarding these audits.

Products and Services

For the Company’s Optum Rx pharmacy care services business, the majority of revenues are derived from products sold through a contracted network of retail pharmacies or home delivery, specialty and community health pharmacies. Product revenues include the cost of pharmaceuticals (net of rebates), a negotiated dispensing fee and customer co-payments. Pharmacy products are billed to customers based on the number of transactions occurring during the billing period. Product revenues are recognized when the prescriptions are dispensed. The Company has entered into contracts in which it is primarily obligated to pay its network pharmacy providers for benefits provided to their customers regardless of whether the Company is paid. The Company is also involved in establishing the prices charged by retail pharmacies, determining which drugs will be included in formulary listings and selecting which retail pharmacies will be included in the network offered to plan sponsors’ members and accordingly, product revenues are reported on a gross basis.

Services revenue includes a number of services and products sold through Optum. Optum Health’s service revenues include net patient service revenues recorded based upon established billing rates, less allowances for contractual adjustments, and are recognized as services are provided. For its financial services offerings, Optum Health charges fees and earns investment income on managed funds. Optum Insight provides software and information products, advisory consulting arrangements and managed services outsourcing contracts, which may be delivered over several years. Optum Insight revenues are generally recognized over time and measured for each period based on the progress to date as services are performed or made available to customers. Optum Rx provides administrative services, including claims processing, formulary design and management, and clinical services, which are recognized as services revenue as the services are provided.

Services revenue also consists of fees derived from services performed for customers who self-insure the health care costs of their employees and employees’ dependents. Under service fee contracts, the Company receives a monthly fixed fee per employee, which is recognized as revenue as the Company performs, or makes available, the applicable services to the customer. The customers retain the risk of financing health care costs for their employees and employees’ dependents, and the

Company administers the payment of customer funds to physicians and other health care professionals from customer-funded bank accounts. As the Company has neither the obligation for funding the health care costs, nor the primary responsibility for providing the medical care, the Company does not recognize premium revenue and medical costs for these contracts in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For these fee-based customer arrangements, the Company provides coordination and facilitation of medical services; transaction processing; customer, consumer and care professional services; and access to contracted networks of physicians, hospitals and other health care professionals. These services are performed throughout the contract period.

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, accounts receivables related to products and services were $ 9.7 billion and $ 9.9 billion, respectively. In 2025 and 2024, the Company had no material bad-debt expense arising from contracts with customers and there were no material contract assets, contract liabilities or deferred contract costs recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 or 2024. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized from performance obligations related to prior periods (for example, due to changes in transaction price) was not material.

As of December 31, 2025, revenue expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, excluding revenue pertaining to contracts having an original expected duration of one year or less, contracts where revenue is recognized as invoiced and contracts with variable consideration related to undelivered performance obligations, was $ 11.7 billion, of which more than half is expected to be recognized in the next three years .

See Note 15 for disaggregation of revenue by segment and type.

Medical Costs and Medical Costs Payable

The Company’s estimate of medical costs payable represents management’s best estimate of its liability for unpaid medical costs as of December 31, 2025.

Each period, the Company re-examines previously established medical costs payable estimates based on actual claim submissions and other changes in facts and circumstances. As more complete claim information becomes available, the Company adjusts the amount of the estimates and includes the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the change is identified. Approximately 90 % of claims related to medical care services are known and settled within 90 days from the date of service and substantially all within twelve months.

Medical costs and medical costs payable include estimates of the Company’s obligations for medical care services rendered on behalf of consumers, but for which claims have either not yet been received, processed, or paid. The Company develops estimates for medical care services incurred but not reported (IBNR), which includes estimates for claims which have not been received or fully processed, using an actuarial process consistently applied, centrally controlled and automated. The actuarial models consider factors such as time from date of service to claim processing, seasonal variances in medical care consumption, health care professional contract rate changes, care activity and other medical cost trends, membership volume and demographics, the introduction of new technologies, benefit plan changes and business mix changes related to products, customers and geography.

In developing its medical costs payable estimates, the Company applies different estimation methods depending on which incurred claims are being estimated. For the most recent two months, the Company estimates claim costs incurred by applying observed medical cost trend factors to the average per member per month medical costs incurred in prior months for which more complete claim data are available, supplemented by a review of near-term completion factors (actuarial estimates, based upon historical experience and analysis of current trends, of the percentage of incurred claims during a given period adjudicated by the Company at the date of estimation). For months prior to the most recent two months, the Company applies the completion factors to actual claims adjudicated-to-date to estimate the expected amount of ultimate incurred claims for those months.

The Company establishes premium deficiency reserves on its health benefits business and loss contract reserves on its Optum Health value-based care businesses when it is probable that expected future costs, claim adjustment expenses, and maintenance costs will exceed related future premiums, including expected investment income. For purposes of establishing premium deficiency reserves, contracts are grouped in a manner consistent with the method of acquiring, servicing, and measuring their profitability. For loss contract reserves, contracts are grouped in a manner consistent with the method of establishing premium rates. Reserves recognized in the current period will be released in subsequent periods as actual costs are incurred.

Cost of Products Sold

The Company’s cost of products sold includes the cost of pharmaceuticals dispensed to unaffiliated customers either directly at its home delivery, specialty and community pharmacy locations, or indirectly through its nationwide network of participating pharmacies. Rebates attributable to unaffiliated clients are accrued as rebates receivable and a reduction of cost of products sold, with a corresponding payable for the amounts of the rebates to be remitted to those unaffiliated clients in accordance with their contracts and recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a reduction of product revenue. Cost of products sold also includes the cost of personnel to support the Company’s transaction processing services, system sales, maintenance and professional services.

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates their carrying value because of the short maturity of the instruments. Investments with maturities of less than one year are classified as short-term. Because of regulatory requirements, certain investments are included in long-term investments regardless of their maturity date. The Company classifies these investments as held-to-maturity and reports them at amortized cost. Substantially all other investments are classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair value based on quoted market prices, where available. Equity investments are measured at fair value, with certain exceptions where the Company has elected to measure investments with unobservable inputs at cost, subject to fair value adjustments upon an impairment or a transaction of the same or similar security. Changes in fair value of equity investments are recognized in net earnings.

The Company excludes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities from net earnings and reports them as comprehensive income and, net of income tax effects, as a separate component of equity. To calculate realized gains and losses on the sale of debt securities, the Company specifically identifies the cost of each investment sold.

The Company evaluates an available-for-sale debt security for credit-related impairment by considering the present value of expected cash flows relative to a security’s amortized cost, the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and specific events or circumstances which may influence the operations of the issuer. Credit-related impairments are recorded as an allowance, with an offset to investment and other income. Non-credit related impairments are recorded through other comprehensive income. If the Company intends to sell an impaired security, or will likely be required to sell a security before recovery of the entire amortized cost, the entire impairment is included in net earnings.

New information and the passage of time can change these judgments. The Company manages its investment portfolio to limit its exposure to any one issuer or market sector, and largely limits its investments to investment grade quality.

Other Current Receivables

Other current receivables include amounts due from pharmaceutical manufacturers for rebates and Medicare Part D drug discounts, loans to care providers in response to the Change Healthcare cyberattack, accrued interest and other miscellaneous amounts due to the Company.

The Company’s pharmacy care services businesses contract with pharmaceutical manufacturers, some of which provide rebates based on use of the manufacturers’ products by its affiliated and unaffiliated clients. The Company accrues rebates as they are earned by its clients on a monthly basis based on the terms of the applicable contracts, historical data and current estimates. The pharmacy care services businesses bill these rebates to the manufacturers on a monthly or quarterly basis depending on the contractual terms and record rebates attributable to affiliated clients as a reduction to medical costs. The Company generally receives rebates two to five months after billing. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, total pharmaceutical manufacturer rebates receivable included in other receivables in the Consolidated Balance Sheets amounted to $ 13.6 billion and $ 12.5 billion, respectively.

Receivables Financing Facility

In 2025, the Company entered into a $ 3.3 billion 364-day uncommitted receivables financing facility under which certain receivables may be sold to financial institutions. The sales of the receivables under the facility are recorded as a reduction to other current receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and classified as an operating cash flow on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. The Company continues to provide collection services related to the transferred receivables. Amounts received but not remitted to financial institutions are recorded as a liability within accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and classified as a financing cash flow on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company sold $ 3.0 billion of receivables under the receivables funding facility, and the loss on discounted receivables was immaterial. As of December 31, 2025, the Company collected $ 2.0 billion, of which $ 1.0 billion has not been remitted to financial institutions.

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets included pharmaceutical drug and supplies inventory of $ 3.3 billion and $ 3.8 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Property, Equipment and Capitalized Software

Property, equipment and capitalized software are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Capitalized software consists of certain costs incurred in the development of internal-use software, including external direct costs of materials and services and applicable payroll costs of employees devoted to specific software development.

The Company calculates depreciation and amortization using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The useful lives for property, equipment and capitalized software are:

Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or their estimated useful economic life.

Loan Receivables

The majority of the Company’s loan receivables, which are primarily held by Optum Bank, are recorded at the outstanding principal balance, net of an allowance for credit losses and are classified as current or long-term based upon contractual maturities, with the remaining loan receivables held at fair value under the fair value option. The current and long-term portions of loans receivable are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. Interest income on current loans is recognized on an accrual basis at the applicable interest rate on the principal amount outstanding and recognized on a nonaccrual basis when the loan is past due 90 days or more, or where reasonable doubt exists as to the collection of principal or interest.

The allowance for credit losses is determined based upon the probability of default and the severity of loss if a default occurs. The probability of default is based upon macroeconomic conditions as well as individual loan characteristics and credit quality indicators, such as loan-to-value, debt service coverage, underlying collateral and credit score. The severity of loss is driven by the type of collateral and its liquidity, including costs associated with liquidation. The Company regularly reviews and updates the credit quality indicators of each loan. Loans are considered impaired and written off against the allowance when it is probable that all amounts due will not be collected. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, amounts past due over 30 days and loans with low credit quality indicators were immaterial.

The Company’s loan portfolio consists of commercial, consumer and syndicated bank loans. Commercial mortgage loans are primarily fixed rate loans, collateralized by high-quality commercial real estate and diversified by property type, location and borrower. Consumer loans are primarily fixed rate loans. Syndicated bank loans are primarily variable rate loans where the Company lends through syndicates that provide financing to a variety of borrowers. A summary of loans outstanding by major category is as follows:

Operating Leases

The Company leases facilities and equipment under long-term operating leases which are non-cancelable and expire on various dates. At the lease commencement date, lease right-of-use (ROU) assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term, which includes all fixed obligations arising from the lease contract. If an interest rate is not implicit in a lease, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate for a period closely matching the lease term.

The Company’s ROU assets are included in other assets, and lease liabilities are included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Goodwill

To determine whether goodwill is impaired, annually or more frequently if needed, the Company performs impairment tests. The Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value. If our qualitative assessment indicates a goodwill impairment is more likely than not, we perform additional quantitative analyses. The Company may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to the quantitative testing. When performing quantitative testing, the Company first estimates the fair values of its reporting units using discounted cash flows. To determine fair values, the Company must make assumptions about a wide variety of internal and external factors. Significant assumptions used in the impairment analysis include financial projections of free cash flow (including significant assumptions about operations, capital levels and income taxes), long-term growth rates for determining terminal value, and discount rates. Comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of the discounted cash flow test. If the fair value is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment is recognized for the difference, up to the carrying amount of goodwill.

There was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Intangible Assets

The Company’s finite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate an intangible asset (or asset group) may be impaired. The Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets are also tested for impairment annually. There were no significant impairments of intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.

Other Current Liabilities

Other current liabilities include health savings account deposits, accruals for premium rebates payable, the current portion of future policy benefits and customer balances.

Deposits

The Company, through Optum Bank, holds various deposits, primarily Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and brokered certificates of deposit (CDs). HSAs have no defined maturities and the carrying value is the amount payable on demand on the reporting date, which approximates fair value and is included within other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. CDs have a stipulated maturity and fixed interest rates. As of December 31, 2025, the majority of the CDs had maturities of less than two years. The current and long-term portions of CDs are included within other current liabilities and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had $ 13.9 billion and $ 13.7 billion of HSAs, respectively, and $ 1.6 billion and $ 1.1 billion of CDs, respectively.

Policy Acquisition Costs

The Company’s short duration health insurance contracts typically have a one-year term and may be canceled by the customer with at least 30 days’ notice. Costs related to the acquisition and renewal of short duration customer contracts are primarily charged to expense as incurred.

Variable Interest Entities

The Company holds interests in various variable interest entities (“VIEs”), including certain physician practices that require an individual physician to legally own the equity interests as required by certain state laws and regulations. The determination of whether the Company is the primary beneficiary in a VIE, and therefore required to consolidate the VIE, is based on whether the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and if the Company has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

The Company has entered into exclusive management agreements with certain care delivery practices, under which the Company provides non-clinical management services, including operational support, marketing, technology, infrastructure, sourcing and procurement, and other services. The Company concluded its interests in these care delivery practices are variable interests based upon the management agreements and additional support needed in order to fund the operations of the care delivery practices. While all clinical decisions, including but not limited to diagnosis, treatment, and prescribing, are controlled or made by practicing physicians or other licensed professionals consistent with state laws, the Company’s management activities are significant to the economic performance of the practices, and the Company has an obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive the benefits of the results of the care delivery practices. Therefore, the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary and consolidates these care delivery practices.

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

Redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Company’s subsidiaries whose redemption is outside of the Company’s control are classified as temporary equity. These interests primarily relate to put options on unowned shares, which are typically redeemable at fair value after a certain time period. The Company accretes changes in the redemption value to the earliest redemption date utilizing the interest method. If all interests were currently redeemable, the difference between the carrying value and the estimated redemption value is not material. The following table provides details of the Company's redeemable noncontrolling interests’ activity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024:

Share-Based Compensation

The Company recognizes compensation expense for share-based awards, including stock options and restricted stock and restricted stock units (collectively, restricted shares), on a straight-line basis over the related service period (generally the vesting period) of the award, or to an employee’s eligible retirement date under the award agreement, if earlier. Restricted shares vest ratably, primarily over two to four years, and compensation expense related to restricted shares is based on the share price on the date of grant. Stock options vest ratably primarily over four years and may be exercised up to 10 years from the date of grant. Compensation expense related to stock options is based on the fair value at the date of grant, which is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial option-pricing model. Under the Company’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), eligible employees are allowed to purchase the Company’s stock at a discounted price, which is 90% of the market price of the Company’s common stock at the end of the six-month purchase period. Share-based compensation expense for all programs is recognized in operating costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Net Earnings Per Common Share

The Company computes basic earnings per common share attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders by dividing net earnings attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The Company determines diluted net earnings per common share attributable to UnitedHealth Group common shareholders using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for potentially dilutive shares associated with stock options, restricted shares and the ESPP (collectively, common stock equivalents), using the treasury stock method. The treasury stock method assumes a hypothetical issuance of shares to settle the share-based awards, with the assumed proceeds used to purchase common stock at the average market price for the period. Assumed proceeds include the amount the employee must pay upon exercise and the average unrecognized compensation cost. The difference between the number of shares assumed issued and number of shares assumed purchased represents the dilutive shares.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU No. 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures.” Under ASU 2023-09, an entity is required to provide additional income tax disclosures on an annual basis, including disclosure of the disaggregation of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations by federal, state and local, and foreign taxes; cash paid for income taxes by jurisdiction; and prescribed specific categories to be included within the effective tax rate reconciliation. The Company adopted the standard on a prospective basis and has included the required disclosures in Note 9.

The Company has determined that there have been no other recently adopted or issued accounting standards that had, or will have, a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.

3. Investments

Nearly all of the Company’s investments in mortgage-backed securities were rated “Double A” or better as of December 31, 2025.

The Company held $ 5.5 billion and $ 4.9 billion of equity securities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company’s investments in equity securities primarily consist of venture investments and employee savings plan related investments. The carrying values of equity securities held at fair value on non-recurring basis were $ 3.3 billion and $ 3.0 billion, including cumulative net unrealized gains of $ 0.8 billion and $ 1.3 billion, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized $( 360 ) million, $ 710 million and $ 276 million, respectively, of unrealized (losses) or gains related to fair value adjustments on equity securities primarily in the Company’s venture portfolio and recorded $( 54 ) million, $ 121 million and $ 44 million, respectively, of investment expenses related to the fair value adjustments. Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are recorded within investment and other income with associated expenses recorded within operating costs within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Additionally, the Company’s investments included $ 3.8 billion of equity method investments primarily in operating businesses in the health care sector, as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. The allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity securities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was not material.

The Company’s unrealized losses from all securities as of December 31, 2025 were generated from approximately 24,000 positions out of a total of 41,000 positions. The Company believes it will timely collect the principal and interest due on its debt securities that have an amortized cost in excess of fair value. The unrealized losses were primarily caused by interest rate increases and not by unfavorable changes in the credit quality associated with these securities which impacted the Company’s assessment on collectibility of principal and interest. At each reporting period, the Company evaluates available-for-sale debt securities for any credit-related impairment when the fair value of the investment is less than its amortized cost. The Company evaluated the expected cash flows, the underlying credit quality and credit ratings of the issuers, noting no significant credit deterioration since purchase. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not have the intent to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position. Therefore, the Company believes these losses to be temporary. The allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 was not material.

4. Fair Value

Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value in the Consolidated Financial Statements or have fair values disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. These assets and liabilities are classified into one of three levels of a hierarchy defined by GAAP. In instances in which the inputs used to measure fair value fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety based on the lowest level input which is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular item to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, including the consideration of inputs specific to the asset or liability.

The fair value hierarchy is summarized as follows:

Level 1 — Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets/liabilities in active markets.

Level 2 — Other observable inputs, either directly or indirectly, including:

• Quoted prices for similar assets/liabilities in active markets;

• Quoted prices for identical or similar assets/liabilities in inactive markets (e.g., few transactions, limited information, noncurrent prices, high variability over time);

• Inputs other than quoted prices observable for the asset/liability (e.g., interest rates, yield curves, implied volatilities, credit spreads); and

• Inputs corroborated by other observable market data.

Level 3 — Unobservable inputs cannot be corroborated by observable market data.

There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 financial assets or liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2025 or 2024.

Nonfinancial assets and liabilities or financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances, such as when the Company records an impairment. The Company holds equity securities without readily determinable fair values, primarily related to the Company’s venture portfolio, and an equity method stake from the deconsolidation of a business in 2025, which are classified as Level 3 and measured on a nonrecurring basis. The fair values of these securities are typically based upon transactions of the same or similar security or unobservable amounts, with estimated value derived using valuation approaches such as discounted cash flow analyses, market comparable analyses and consideration of Company-specific information, market conditions and third-party indications.The assets and liabilities within businesses held for sale as of December 31, 2025 were measured at the lower of carrying value or fair value less cost to sell. Fair value is measured based upon unobservable amounts, such as estimated selling price derived from Company-specific information, market conditions and third-party indications. There were no other significant fair value adjustments for these assets and liabilities recorded during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023.

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value and determine the fair value hierarchy classification of each class of financial instrument included in the tables below:

Cash and Cash Equivalents. The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value as maturities are less than three months. Fair values of cash equivalent instruments which do not trade on a regular basis in active markets are classified as Level 2.

Debt and Equity Securities. Fair values of debt securities and equity securities reported at fair value on a recurring basis are based on quoted market prices, where available. The Company obtains one price for each security primarily from a third-party pricing service (pricing service), which generally uses quoted or other observable inputs for the determination of fair value. The pricing service normally derives the security prices through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, and, if necessary, makes adjustments through the reporting date based upon available observable market information. For securities not actively traded, the pricing service may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs currently observable in the markets for similar securities. Inputs often used in the valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates, prepayment speeds and nonbinding broker quotes. As the Company is responsible for the determination of fair value, it performs quarterly analyses on the prices received from the pricing service to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. Specifically, the Company compares the prices received from the pricing service to prices reported by a secondary pricing source, such as its custodian, its investment consultant and third-party investment advisors. Additionally, the Company compares changes in the reported market values and returns to relevant market indices to test the reasonableness of the reported prices. The Company’s internal price verification procedures and reviews of fair value methodology documentation provided by independent pricing services have not historically resulted in adjustment to the prices obtained from the pricing service.

Fair values of debt securities which do not trade on a regular basis in active markets but are priced using other observable inputs are classified as Level 2.

Fair value estimates for Level 1 and Level 2 equity securities reported at fair value on a recurring basis are based on quoted market prices for actively traded equity securities and/or other market data for the same or comparable instruments and transactions in establishing the prices.

The fair values of Level 3 investments in corporate bonds, which are not a significant portion of our investments, are estimated using valuation techniques relying heavily on management assumptions and qualitative observations.

Throughout the procedures discussed above in relation to the Company’s processes for validating third-party pricing information, the Company validates the understanding of assumptions and inputs used in security pricing and determines the proper classification in the hierarchy based on such understanding.

Loan Receivables. The fair values of loan receivables which do not trade on a regular basis in active markets but are priced using other observable inputs are classified as Level 2. The fair values of Level 3 loans receivables are estimated using valuation techniques relying heavily on management assumptions and qualitative observations.

Long-Term Debt. The fair values of the Company’s long-term debt are estimated and classified using the same methodologies as the Company’s investments in debt securities.

The carrying amounts reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for other current financial assets and liabilities approximate fair value because of their short-term nature. These assets and liabilities are not listed in the table above.

5. Property, Equipment and Capitalized Software

Depreciation expense for property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 1.0 billion, $ 1.0 billion, and $ 1.1 billion, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 1.7 billion, $ 1.4 billion and $ 1.2 billion, respectively.

6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Amortization expense relating to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 1.7 billion, $ 1.7 billion and $ 1.6 billion, respectively.

7. Medical Costs Payable

For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, prior years’ medical cost reserve development included no individual factors that were significant. Medical costs payable included IBNR of $ 26.7 billion and $ 23.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Substantially all of the IBNR balance as of December 31, 2025 relates to the current year.

8. Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt

The Company’s long-term debt obligations also included $ 708 million and $ 724 million of other financing obligations, of which $ 182 million and $ 197 million were current as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Short-Term Borrowings

Commercial paper consists of short-duration, senior unsecured debt privately placed on a discount basis through broker-dealers. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s outstanding commercial paper had a weighted-average annual interest rate of 3.8 %.

The Company has $ 7.0 billion five -year, $ 7.0 billion three -year and $ 7.0 billion 364 -day revolving bank credit facilities with 26 banks, which mature in November 2030, November 2028 and November 2026, respectively. These facilities provide full liquidity support for the Company’s commercial paper program and are available for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2025, no amounts had been drawn on any of the bank credit facilities. The annual interest rates, which are variable based on term, are calculated based on one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a credit spread based on the Company’s senior unsecured credit ratings. If amounts had been drawn on the bank credit facilities as of December 31, 2025, annual interest rates would have ranged from 4.2 % to 6.8 %.

Debt Covenants

As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with the various covenants under its bank credit facilities.

9. Income Taxes

The current income tax provision reflects the tax consequences of revenues and expenses currently taxable or deductible on various income tax returns for the year reported. The deferred income tax provision or benefit generally reflects the net change in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, excluding any deferred income tax assets and liabilities of acquired businesses.

The components of income before income taxes, based upon tax jurisdiction, for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

(a) Comprised primarily of tax rate differential in Ireland and tax attributes in Luxembourg.

(b) State taxes in California, Florida, New York and Massachusetts contributed to the majority of the tax effect in this category.

(c) Comprised primarily of tax impacts of net portfolio divestitures.

The reconciliation of the tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory rate to the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

Taxes Paid

A summary of total taxes paid for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows:

(a) Comprised p rimarily of taxes paid to Ireland.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the differences between the financial and income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities based on enacted tax rates and laws. The components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31 are as follows:

Valuation allowances are provided when it is considered more likely than not deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowances primarily relate to future tax benefits on certain federal, state and non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards. Substantially all of the federal net operating loss carryforwards have indefinite carryforward periods; state net operating loss carryforwards expire beginning in 2026 through 2045, with some having an indefinite carryforward period. Additionally, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company has historical non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards for which a deferred tax asset and valuation allowance of $5.2 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively, are not established because realization of the loss carryforwards is remote.

As of December 31, 2025, except for subsidiaries held for sale, the Company’s undistributed earnings from non-U.S. subsidiaries are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in non-U.S. operations, and therefore no U.S. deferred taxes have been recorded. Taxes payable on the remittance of such earnings would be minimal.

The Company classifies net interest and penalties associated with uncertain income tax positions as income taxes within its Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized $ 104 million, $ 210 million and $ 177 million of net interest and penalties, respectively. The Company had $ 741 million and $ 637 million of accrued interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. These amounts are not included in the reconciliation above. As of December 31, 2025, there were $ 2.8 billion of unrecognized tax benefits which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.

The Company currently files income tax returns in the United States, various states and localities and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has completed exams on the consolidated income tax returns for fiscal years 2016 and prior. The Company’s 2017 through 2023 tax years are under exam by the IRS, with the 2017 through 2020 tax years under the IRS’s Compliance Assurance Process. The Company is no longer subject to state income tax examinations prior to the 2015 tax year. The Company is subject to examination in non-U.S. jurisdictions for years 2015 and forward.

10. Shareholders' Equity

Regulatory Capital and Dividend Restrictions

The Company’s regulated insurance and HMO subsidiaries are subject to regulations and standards in their respective jurisdictions. These standards, among other things, require these subsidiaries to maintain specified levels of statutory capital, as defined by each jurisdiction, and restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions which may be paid to their parent companies. In the United States, most of these state regulations and standards are generally consistent with model regulations established by the NAIC. These standards generally permit dividends to be paid from statutory unassigned surplus of the regulated subsidiary and are limited based on the regulated subsidiary’s level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus. These dividends are referred to as “ordinary dividends” and generally may be paid without prior regulatory approval. If the dividend, together with other dividends paid within the preceding twelve months, exceeds a specified statutory limit or is paid from sources other than earned surplus, it is generally considered an “extraordinary dividend” and must receive prior regulatory approval.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company’s domestic insurance and HMO subsidiaries received capital infusions from its parent companies, net of dividends, of $ 535 million. Dividends paid by the subsidiaries to their parent companies included $ 893 million of extraordinary dividends. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company’s domestic insurance and HMO subsidiaries paid their parent companies dividends, net of capital infusions, of $ 9.2 billion, including $ 2.6 billion of extraordinary dividends.

The Company's financially regulated subsidiaries had estimated aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $ 43.1 billion as of December 31, 2025. The estimated statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements of the Company's financially regulated subsidiaries was approximately $ 23.2 billion as of December 31, 2025. In 2025, the Company entered into various agreements with reinsurers that could limit the Company’s risk of loss under certain circumstances, thus reducing its capital and surplus requirements. These agreements do not qualify for reinsurance accounting and are therefore accounted for under deposit accounting.

Optum Bank must meet minimum capital requirements of the FDIC under the capital adequacy rules to which it is subject. At December 31, 2025, the Company believes Optum Bank met the FDIC requirements to be considered “Well Capitalized.”

Share Repurchase Program

Under its Board of Directors’ authorization, the Company maintains a share repurchase program. The objectives of the share repurchase program are to optimize the Company’s capital structure and cost of capital, thereby improving returns to shareholders, as well as to offset the dilutive impact of share-based awards. Repurchases may be made from time to time in open market purchases or other types of transactions (including prepaid or structured share repurchase programs), subject to certain restrictions. In June 2024, the Board of Directors amended the Company’s share repurchase program to authorize the repurchase of up to 35 million shares of its common stock, in addition to all remaining shares authorized to be repurchased under the Board’s 2018 renewal of the program. The Board of Directors from time to time may further amend the share repurchase program in order to increase the authorized number of shares which may be repurchased under the program.

Dividends

In June 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors increased the Company’s quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual rate of $8.84 compared to $8.40 per share, which the Company had paid since June 2024. Declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of the Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.

11. Share-Based Compensation

The Company’s outstanding share-based awards consist mainly of non-qualified stock options and restricted shares. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 39 million shares available for future grants of share-based awards under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2025, there were 15 million shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP.

Stock Options

Restricted Shares

Share-Based Compensation Recognition and Estimates

Risk-free interest rates are based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of the Company’s common stock and the implied volatility from exchange-traded options on the Company’s common stock. Expected dividend yields are based on the per share cash dividend paid by the Company. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercises and forfeitures within the valuation model. The expected lives of options granted represent the periods of time the awards granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical exercise patterns.

Other Employee Benefit Plans

The Company offers various defined contribution retirement savings plans for its domestic employees. Compensation expense related to these plans was $ 850 million, $ 853 million and $ 804 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

In addition, the Company maintains non-qualified, deferred compensation plans, which allow certain members of senior management and executives to defer portions of their salary or bonus. The deferrals are recorded within long-term investments with an approximately equal amount in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total deferrals are distributable based upon termination of employment or other periods, as elected under each plan and were $ 2.2 billion and $ 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

12. Commitments and Contingencies

Leases

Operating lease costs, including immaterial variable and short-term lease costs, were $ 1.6 billion, $ 1.4 billion and $ 1.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash payments made on the Company’s operating lease liabilities were $ 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were classified within operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s weighted-average remaining lease term and weighted-average discount rate for its operating leases were 9.2 years and 5.0 %, respectively.

Other Commitments

The Company provides guarantees related to its service level under certain contracts. If minimum standards are not met, the Company may be financially at risk up to a stated percentage of the contracted fee or a stated dollar amount. None of the amounts accrued, paid or charged to income for service level guarantees were material as of December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023.

The Company has entered into certain transactions that include various put and call options on unconsolidated businesses. As of December 31, 2025 the estimated obligation under these arrangements if they were currently redeemable was $ 4.8 billion. The Company does not have any material potential required repurchases in the next twelve months.

Legal Matters

The Company is frequently made party to a variety of legal actions and regulatory inquiries, including class actions and suits brought by members, care providers, consumer advocacy organizations, customers, shareholders and regulators, relating to the Company’s businesses, including management and administration of health benefit plans and other services. These matters include medical malpractice, employment, intellectual property, antitrust, privacy and contract claims and claims related to health care benefits coverage and other business practices.

The Company records liabilities for its estimates of probable costs resulting from these matters where appropriate. Estimates of costs resulting from legal and regulatory matters involving the Company are inherently difficult to predict, particularly where the matters: involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages or may involve fines, penalties or punitive damages; present novel legal theories or represent a shift in regulatory policy; involve a large number of claimants or regulatory bodies; are in the early stages of the proceedings; or could result in a change in business practices. Accordingly, the Company is often unable to estimate the losses or ranges of losses for those matters where there is a reasonable possibility or it is probable a loss may be incurred.

Government Investigations, Audits and Reviews

The Company has been involved or is currently involved in various governmental investigations, audits and reviews. These include routine, regular and special investigations, audits and reviews by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), state insurance and health and welfare departments, state attorneys general, the Office of the Inspector General (OIG), the Office of Personnel Management, the Office for Civil Rights, the Government Accountability Office, the Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Congressional committees, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), the SEC, the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, the U.S. Department of Labor, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Defense Contract Audit Agency, the Food and Drug Administration and other governmental authorities. Similarly, the Company’s international businesses are also subject to investigations, audits and reviews by applicable foreign governments. The Company responds on a regular basis to subpoenas, information requests, inquiries, investigations and other processes from governmental entities. The Company can provide no assurance as to the scope and outcome of these matters and no assurance as to whether its business, financial condition or results of operations will

be materially adversely affected. Certain of the Company’s businesses have been reviewed or are currently under review, including for, among other matters, compliance with coding and other requirements under the Medicare risk-adjustment model. CMS and OIG have selected certain of the Company’s local plans for risk adjustment data validation (RADV) audits to validate the coding practices of and supporting documentation maintained by health care providers and such audits may result in retrospective adjustments to payments made to the Company’s health plans.

On February 14, 2017, the DOJ announced its decision to pursue certain claims within a lawsuit initially asserted against the Company and filed under seal by a whistleblower in 2011. The whistleblower’s complaint, which was unsealed on February 15, 2017, alleges the Company made improper risk adjustment submissions and violated the False Claims Act. In March 2025, a Special Master appointed by the court issued a report recommending that the court enter summary judgment in the Company’s favor on all remaining claims. In April 2025, the DOJ filed a motion asking the court to reject the Special Master’s report. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the outcome which may result from this matter given its procedural status.

13. Business Combinations

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company completed several business combinations for total consideration of $ 4.8 billion.

The majority of goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The preliminary purchase price allocations for the various business combinations are subject to adjustment as valuation analyses, primarily related to intangible assets and contingent liabilities, are finalized.

The results of operations and financial condition of acquired entities have been included in the Company’s consolidated results and the results of the corresponding operating segment as of the date of acquisition. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the acquired entities’ impact on revenues and net earnings was not material.

Unaudited pro forma revenues and net earnings for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, as if the business combinations had occurred on January 1, 2024, were immaterial for both periods.

14. Dispositions and Held for Sale

2025 Dispositions and Held for Sale

In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company entered into an agreement to sell its remaining South American operations, which is expected to close in the second half of 2026, subject to regulatory and other customary closing conditions. Losses related to this transaction are included within loss on sale of subsidiary and subsidiaries held for sale on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as they relate to the strategic exit of South American markets and include significant losses related to foreign currency translation effects.

The Company initiated various other dispositions in the fourth quarter of 2025, which were classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2025. Losses related to these actions were $ 950 million and were included within operating costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Assets and liabilities held for sale have been included within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. The assets and liabilities of the held for sale disposal groups as of December 31, 2025, were as follows:

(1) Includes the effect of $ 891 million of cumulative foreign currency translation losses and $ 275 million of noncontrolling interests for the South American businesses held for sale.

2025 Deconsolidation of Business

Due to changes in governance rights, the Company deconsolidated a business that had net assets and redeemable noncontrolling interests with carrying values of $ 1.4 billion and $ 2.6 billion, respectively. As a result of the deconsolidation, the Company recorded an equity method investment of $ 575 million and recognized a gain of $ 1.7 billion, which was included within operating costs on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.

2024 Dispositions and Held for Sale

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company completed or initiated various business portfolio refinement and asset disposition activities. The Company recorded a loss of $ 7.1 billion related to the sale of its Brazil operations, of which $ 4.1 billion related to the impact of cumulative foreign currency translation losses previously included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, and a loss of $ 1.2 billion related to the reclassification of the Company’s remaining South American operations as held for sale, of which $ 855 million related to the impact of cumulative foreign currency translation losses.

As a result of continued portfolio refinement, the Company sold other businesses and assets and entered into strategic transactions. These transactions resulted in total consideration received of $ 3.0 billion and an additional $ 1.9 billion of equity method investments related to the valuation of our retained interests in certain transactions. The carrying value for these transactions was $ 1.0 billion, primarily related to goodwill. The gains from business portfolio refinement, including strategic transactions, were recorded within operating costs in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and contributed about 80 basis points ($ 3.3 billion) to the operating cost ratio, nearly half ($ 1.4 billion) related to Optum Health with the remainder split between UnitedHealthcare ($ 1.1 billion) and Optum Insight ($ 800 million). Certain transactions also included various put and call options, which were valued at $ 630 million and included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

15. Segment Financial Information

Factors used to determine the Company’s reportable segments include the nature of operating activities, economic characteristics, existence of separate senior management teams and the type of information used by the Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM), which is the Chief Executive Officer, to evaluate its results of operations. Reportable segments with similar economic characteristics, products and services, customers, distribution methods and operational processes which operate in a similar regulatory environment are combined. The CODM uses consolidated expense information and segment earnings from operations to assess performance and determine allocation of resources.

The following is a description of the types of products and services from which each of the Company’s four reportable segments derives its revenues:

• UnitedHealthcare includes the combined results of operations of UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual, UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement and UnitedHealthcare Community & State. The businesses share significant common assets, including a contracted network of physicians, health care professionals, hospitals and other facilities, information technology and consumer engagement infrastructure and other resources. UnitedHealthcare Employer & Individual offers an array of consumer-oriented health benefit plans and services for employers and individuals. UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement provides health care coverage and health and well-being services to individuals age 50 and older, addressing their unique needs. UnitedHealthcare Community & State provides diversified health care benefits products and services to state programs caring for the economically disadvantaged, the medically underserved and those without the benefit of employer-funded health care coverage.

• Optum Health focuses on care delivery, including value-based care; care management; wellness and consumer engagement and health financial services. Optum Health is building a comprehensive, connected health care delivery and engagement platform by directly providing high-quality care, helping people manage chronic and complex health needs, and proactively engaging consumers in managing their health through in-person, in-home, virtual and digital clinical platforms.

• Optum Insight brings together advanced analytics, technology and health care expertise to deliver integrated services and solutions. Hospital systems, physicians, health plans, governments, life sciences companies and other organizations depend on Optum Insight to help them improve performance, achieve efficiency, reduce costs, meet compliance mandates and modernize their core operating systems to meet the changing needs of the health system.

• Optum Rx offers pharmacy care services and programs, including retail network contracting, home delivery, specialty and community health pharmacy services, infusion, purchasing and clinical capabilities, and develops programs in areas such as step therapy, formulary management, drug adherence and disease and drug therapy management. Optum Rx integrates pharmacy and medical care and is positioned to serve patients with complex clinical needs and consumers looking for a better digital pharmacy experience with transparent pricing.

The Company’s accounting policies for reportable segment operations are consistent with those described in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (see Note 2 ). Transactions between reportable segments principally consist of sales of pharmacy care products and services to UnitedHealthcare customers by Optum Rx; care delivery, care management services and certain product offerings sold to UnitedHealthcare by Optum Health; and health information and technology solutions, consulting and other services sold to UnitedHealthcare by Optum Insight. These transactions are recorded at management’s estimate of fair value. Transactions with affiliated customers are eliminated in consolidation. Assets and liabilities jointly used are assigned to each reportable segment using estimates of pro-rata usage. Cash and investments are assigned so each reportable segment has working capital and/or at least minimum specified levels of regulatory capital.

As a percentage of the Company’s total consolidated revenues, premium revenues from CMS were 44 %, 40 % and 40 % for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, most of which were generated by UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement and included in the UnitedHealthcare segment.

2026 Business Realignment

On January 1, 2026, the Company realigned certain businesses to respond to changes in the markets it serves and the opportunities that are emerging as the health system evolves. Optum Financial, including Optum Bank, which was historically included in Optum Health will now be included in Optum Insight. The Company’s reportable segments will remain unchanged, with prior period segment financial information being recast to conform to the 2026 presentation, beginning with the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2026 filed with the SEC.

(a) Total operating costs include medical costs, operating costs, cost of products sold and depreciation and amortization, as applicable for each reportable segment.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

In connection with the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2025.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of December 31, 2025

Management of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the Company) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and the COSO criteria, we believe that, as of December 31, 2025, the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.

The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, as stated in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , appearing under Item 9A.

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries:

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated March 2, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of December 31, 2025. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

Trading Arrangements

During the quarter ended December 31, 2025, none of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act or under any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not Applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K and the Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, information regarding our executive officers is provided in Part I, Item 1 under the caption “Information About our Executive Officers.”

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer and other senior financial officers, who include our principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics, entitled Code of Conduct: Our Principles of Ethics and Integrity, is posted on our website at www.unitedhealthgroup.com. For information about how to obtain the Code of Conduct, see Part I, Item 1, “Business.” We intend to satisfy the SEC’s disclosure requirements regarding amendments to, or waivers of, the code of ethics for our senior financial officers by posting such information on our website indicated above.

The remaining information required by Items 401, 405, 406, 407(c)(3), (d)(4), (d)(5), and 408(b) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings “Corporate Governance”, “Proposal 1-Election of Directors” and “Insider Trading Policy” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings “Executive Compensation,” “Director Compensation,” “Corporate Governance - Risk Oversight” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Equity Compensation Plan Information

(1) Consists of the UnitedHealth Group Incorporated 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (2020 Stock Incentive Plan”), as amended, and the UnitedHealth Group 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (ESPP).

(2) Excludes 307,500 shares underlying stock options assumed by us in connection with acquisitions. These options have a weighted-average exercise price of $145 and an average remaining term of approximately 3.3 years. These options are administered pursuant to the terms of the plans under which the options originally were granted. No future awards will be granted under these acquired plans.

(3) Includes 15 million shares of common stock available for future issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2025, and 39 million shares available under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2025. Shares available under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan may become the subject of future awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock-based awards.

The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K will be included under the heading “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

The information required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K will be included under the headings “Certain Relationships and Transactions” and “Corporate Governance” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A will be included under the heading “Disclosure of Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) 1 . Financial Statements

The financial statements are included under Item 8 of this report:

• Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

• Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 5 and 202 4 .

• Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 202 3 .

• Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 202 3 .

• Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 202 3 .

• Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 202 3 .

• Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

2 . Financial Statement Schedules

The following financial statement schedule of the Company is included in Item 15(c):

• Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only).

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements, and therefore have been omitted.

(b) The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference herein in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company files Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 under Commission File No. 1‐10864.

(c) Financial Statement Schedule

Schedule I - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company Only).

Schedule I

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries:

Opinion on the Financial Statement Schedule

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, and have issued our reports thereon dated March 2, 2026; such reports are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule of the Company listed in the Index at Item 15. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statement schedule based on our audits. In our opinion, the financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.

Schedule I

Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

(Parent Company Only)

UnitedHealth Group

Condensed Balance Sheets

See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant

Schedule I

Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

(Parent Company Only)

UnitedHealth Group

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income

See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant

Schedule I

Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

(Parent Company Only)

UnitedHealth Group

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

See Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant

Schedule I

Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

(Parent Company Only)

UnitedHealth Group

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements

1. Basis of Presentation

UnitedHealth Group’s parent company financial information has been derived from its consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. The accounting policies for the registrant are the same as those described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

2. Subsidiary Transactions

Investment in Subsidiaries. UnitedHealth Group’s investment in subsidiaries is stated at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries.

Dividends, Capital Distributions and Contributions. Cash dividends received from subsidiaries and included in Cash Flows from Operating Activities in the Condensed Statements of Cash Flows were $ 6.8 billion, $ 19.3 billion and $ 18.5 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The parent company received $ 901 million, $ 21 million and $ 639 million in cash as a return of capital during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash contributions to the parent company’s subsidiaries were $ 6.8 billion and $ 2.5 billion in 2025 and 2023, respectively, with no cash contributions in 2024. Additionally, in 2025, the parent company made $ 5.1 billion of non-cash contributions in the form of intercompany receivables to its subsidiaries.

3. Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt

Discussion of short-term borrowings and long-term debt can be found in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Long-term debt obligations of the parent company do not include other financing obligations at subsidiaries which totaled $ 708 million and $ 724 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

UnitedHealth Group’s parent company had short-term notes payable to subsidiaries of $ 2.5 billion and $ 2.0 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which included on-demand features. UnitedHealth Group’s parent company had long-term notes payable to subsidiaries of $ 21.7 billion and $ 14.4 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company converted $ 2.9 billion of short-term intercompany payables to long-term notes payables.

4. Commitments and Contingencies

Certain subsidiaries are guaranteed by UnitedHealth Group’s parent company in the event of insolvency. UnitedHealth Group’s parent company also provides guarantees related to its service level under certain contracts. None of the amounts accrued, paid or charged to income for service level guarantees were material as of December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023.

For a summary of commitments and contingencies, see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

None.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 2, 2026
