ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

MARKET AND HOLDERS

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol UNH. On February 20, 2026, there were 8,734 holders of record of our common stock.

DIVIDEND POLICY

In June 2025, our Board of Directors increased the Company’s quarterly cash dividend to shareholders to an annual rate of $8.84 compared to $8.40 per share, which the Company had paid since June 2024. Declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of the Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

In November 1997, our Board of Directors adopted a share repurchase program, which the Board of Directors evaluates periodically. In June 2024, the Board of Directors amended our share repurchase program as then in effect to authorize the repurchase of up to 35 million shares of our common stock in open market purchases or other types of transactions (including prepaid or structured repurchase programs), in addition to all remaining shares authorized to be repurchased under the Board’s 2018 renewal of the program. There is no established expiration date for the program. The Board of Directors from time to time may further amend the share repurchase program in order to increase the authorized number of shares which may be repurchased under the program.

There were no repurchases of the Company’s common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 21 million shares remaining available under its share repurchase authorization.

PERFORMANCE GRAPH

The following performance graph compares the cumulative five-year total return to shareholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 Health Care Index, the Dow Jones US Industrial Average Index and the S&P 500 Index for the five-year period ended December 31, 2025. The comparisons assume the investment of $100 on December 31, 2020 in our common stock and in each index, and the reinvestment of dividends when paid.

The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. The preceding stock performance graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.

ITEM 6. RESERVED
