Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Our principal exposures to financial market risk are interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate and translation risk. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.

Interest Income Risk

The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while secondarily maximizing yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective in the current uncertain global financial markets, all cash and cash equivalents were held in bank deposits, U.S. Treasury Bills, and money market funds as of July 31, 2025. As the interest rates on a material portion of our cash and cash equivalents are variable, a change in interest rates earned on our investment portfolio would impact interest income along with cash flows, but would not materially impact the fair market value of the related underlying instruments. As of July 31, 2025, we held no direct investments in auction rate securities, collateralized debt obligations, structured investment vehicles or mortgaged-backed securities. Based on the average cash balance held for fiscal 2025, a hypothetical 10% adverse change in our interest yield would not have materially affected our operating results.

Interest Expense Risk

There where no borrowings under the Revolving Loan Facility under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement as of July 31, 2025. The Revolving Loan Facility under the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement bears interest, at our election, at either (a) the Base Rate, which is defined as a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate, which is defined as a fluctuating rate per annum to the greatest of (A) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such date plus 0.50% or (B) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its “prime rate;” and (ii) SOFR for a one-month interest period for such date plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% based on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter; or (b) the SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.75% depending on our consolidated total net leverage ratio during the preceding fiscal quarter. Interest is due and payable, arrears, at the end of each calendar quarter for loans bearing interest at the Base Rate, and at the end of an interest period (or at each three-month interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than three months) in the case of SOFR Loans. If interest rates were to increase by 10% it would not materially affect our operating results.

Foreign Currency and Translation Exposure

Fluctuations in foreign currencies create volatility in our reported results of operations because we are required to consolidate the results of operations of our foreign currency denominated subsidiaries. International net revenues are typically denominated in the local currency of each country and result from transactions by our operations in Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain. These operations also incur a majority of their expenses in the following local currencies, the Pounds Sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, European Union euro, U.A.E. dirham, Omani rial, and Bahraini dinar. Our international operations are subject to risks associated with foreign exchange rate volatility, which could have a material and adverse impact on our future results of operations. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to Pounds Sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, European Union euro, U.A.E. dirham, Omani rial, and Bahraini dinar would not materially affect our operating results for fiscal 2025.

Fluctuations in foreign currencies also create volatility in our consolidated financial position because we are required to remeasure substantially all assets and liabilities held by our foreign subsidiaries at the current exchange rate at the close of the accounting period. At July 31, 2025, the cumulative effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on our consolidated financial position was a net translation loss of $120.3 million. This loss was recognized as an adjustment to stockholders’ equity through accumulated other comprehensive income. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to Pounds Sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, European Union euro, U.A.E. dirham, Omani rial, and Bahraini dinar. would not have materially affected our consolidated financial position. We do not hedge our exposure to translation risks arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
