ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We have not used any derivative financial instruments during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, including trading or speculating on changes in interest rates or commodity prices of materials used in our business.

We are exposed to market risk for changes in interest rates for any borrowings under our revolving credit facility, which bear interest at variable rates. Although the Federal Reserve Board lowered the federal funds rate in 2024 and 2025, the pace and extent of additional rate cuts are uncertain. For further information regarding our credit facility and associated borrowing rates, refer to Note 9 - Debt of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

We are exposed to construction market risk and its potential related impact on accounts receivable or contract assets on uncompleted contracts. The amounts recorded may be at risk if our customers’ ability to pay these obligations is negatively impacted by economic conditions. We continually monitor the creditworthiness of our customers and maintain on-going discussions with customers regarding contract status with respect to change orders and billing terms. Therefore, we believe we take appropriate action to manage market and other risks, but there is no assurance that we will be able to reasonably identify all risks with respect to the collectability of these assets. For further discussion regarding the collectability of our outstanding accounts receivable, refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

In addition, we are exposed to market risk of fluctuations in certain commodity prices of materials, such as copper and steel, which are used as components of supplies or materials utilized in our construction, building services, and industrial services operations. Trade and sanction policies (including tariffs) may also affect the pricing of such supplies and materials. We are also exposed to increases in energy prices, particularly as they relate to gasoline prices for our fleet of approximately 14,400 vehicles. While we believe we can increase our contract prices to adjust for some price increases in commodities, there can be no assurance that such price increases, if they were to occur, would be recoverable. Additionally, certain of our fixed price contracts do not allow us to adjust our prices and, as a result, increases in material costs could reduce our profitability with respect to projects in progress.
