ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Business Description

We are one of the largest specialty contractors in the United States and a leading provider of electrical and mechanical construction and facilities services, building services, and industrial services. Our services are provided to a broad range of commercial, technology, manufacturing, industrial, healthcare, utility, and institutional customers through approximately 100 operating subsidiaries. Such operating subsidiaries are organized into the following reportable segments:

• United States electrical construction and facilities services;

• United States mechanical construction and facilities services;

• United States building services; and

• United States industrial services.

We refer to our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment and our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment together as our United States construction segments.

On December 1, 2025, we sold our United Kingdom operations, the results of which are reported within our United Kingdom building services segment through the date of sale.

For a more complete description of our operations, refer to Item 1. Business.

2025 versus 2024

Overview

The following table presents selected financial data for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except percentages and per share data):

Revenues of $16.99 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025 set a new annual record for the Company and represent an increase of 16.6% from revenues of $14.57 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Demand for our services continues to be broad-based with strength across most of the market sectors we serve. As described in further detail below, we experienced revenue growth within all of our reportable segments, except for our United States industrial services segment, which saw a modest reduction in revenues year-over-year. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of approximately $1.27 billion.

Operating income for 2025 was $1.71 billion, or 10.1% of revenues, compared to operating income of $1.34 billion, or 9.2% of revenues, in 2024. Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2025 included a $144.9 million gain on the sale of our United Kingdom operations, which positively impacted operating margin by 85 basis points. Excluding the impact of such gain, operating income increased by $223.7 million and established a new annual record for the Company. As described in further detail below, such increase in operating income was predominantly driven by greater contribution from our United States construction segments. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $24.4 million, net of amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $50.6 million.

Net income of $1.27 billion, or $28.19 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2025, compares favorably to net income of $1.01 billion, or $21.52 per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2024. While the majority of the increase in our net income and diluted earnings per share was a result of the increased operating income referenced above, diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2025 additionally benefited from a reduced weighted average share count given the impact of common stock repurchases made by us throughout 2024 and 2025.

Impact of Acquisitions

In order to provide a more meaningful period-over-period discussion of our operating results, we may discuss amounts generated or incurred (revenues, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, and operating income) from companies acquired. The amounts discussed reflect the acquired companies’ operating results in the current reported period only for the time period these entities were not owned by EMCOR in the comparable prior reported period.

On February 3, 2025, we completed the acquisition of Miller Electric Company (“Miller Electric”), a leading electrical contractor, for total cash consideration of approximately $876.8 million. In addition to Miller Electric, during 2025, we acquired nine companies for upfront consideration of $182.1 million. During 2024, we acquired seven companies for upfront consideration of $231.1 million. For further discussion regarding our acquisitions, refer to Note 4 - Acquisitions and Dispositions of Businesses of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations

Revenues

The following table presents our revenues for each of our operating segments and the approximate percentages that each segment’s revenues were of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except for percentages):

As described in more detail below, as a result of strong demand for our services across most of the market sectors we serve, consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 increased to $16.99 billion compared to consolidated revenues of $14.57 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Revenues for 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of approximately $1.27 billion.

Revenues of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment were $5.07 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, a $1.73 billion increase compared to revenues of $3.34 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. This segment’s results for 2025 included $1.11 billion of incremental acquisition revenues, almost entirely from Miller Electric. From a market sector perspective, increased revenues were generated from nearly all of the sectors we serve. While the largest increase in revenues was seen within the network and communications market sector, predominantly driven by greater demand for data center construction projects, this segment also experienced notable revenue growth within: (a) the healthcare market sector, as a result of greater project activity across several of the geographies in which we operate, (b) the commercial market sector, inclusive of certain tenant fit-out and warehousing and distribution projects, (c) the institutional market sector, primarily given an increase in revenues from public sector projects, (d) the hospitality and entertainment market sector, due to select project opportunities, and (e) the transportation market sector, stemming from certain infrastructure projects currently underway. Revenues of this segment for the year ended December 31, 2025 additionally benefited from greater levels of short-duration projects and service work. Partially offsetting these increases was a reduction in high-tech manufacturing revenues as we completed or reached substantial completion on various semiconductor, bio-tech, and life sciences construction projects.

Our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $7.05 billion, a $644.8 million increase compared to revenues of $6.41 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. This segment’s results for 2025 included $145.2 million of incremental acquisition revenues. Similar to our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment, this segment experienced the most significant increase in revenues within the network and communications market sector due to greater demand for data center construction projects. In addition to data centers, notable revenue growth was generated from: (a) the manufacturing and industrial market sector, primarily driven by certain food processing projects, (b) the hospitality and entertainment market sector, given increased project activity, and (c) the water and wastewater market sector as a result of greater opportunities in the Southeast region of the United States. Further contributing to the revenue increase within this segment were greater levels of short-duration projects and service work. These

increases were partially offset by revenue declines from: (a) the high-tech manufacturing market sector, largely as we completed certain semiconductor manufacturing construction projects, and (b) the commercial market sector, as a result of: (i) the completion or substantial completion of several tenant fit-out or office projects, and (ii) fewer active warehousing and distribution projects for some of our e-commerce customers during the year.

Revenues of our United States building services segment were $3.12 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to $3.11 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Revenues of this segment for 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $2.6 million. This segment’s mechanical services division experienced revenue growth from: (a) HVAC project and retrofit work, as demand for these services remained strong, partially as our customers continue to seek ways to improve the energy efficiency of their facilities, (b) service repair and maintenance volumes, given growth in our service contract base, and (c) building automation and controls projects, as we continue to expand our service offerings in this area. Offsetting the strength of the mechanical services division were revenue declines within this segment’s commercial site-based and government site-based services divisions due to the loss of certain facilities maintenance contracts that were not renewed upon rebid in a prior period.

Revenues of our United States industrial services segment for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $1.27 billion, a slight decrease compared to revenues of $1.28 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024 given: (a) lower turnaround project demand when compared to the prior year, which benefited from scope growth on certain projects, (b) the deferral, delay, or cancellation of previously planned turnaround projects, and (c) the completion of a renewable fuel project, which was active throughout 2024. This segment’s results for 2025 included $19.7 million of incremental acquisition revenues.

On December 1, 2025, we sold our United Kingdom operations, the results of which are reported within our United Kingdom building services segment through the date of sale. Revenues of this segment for the applicable 2025 period were $471.3 million compared to $425.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The period-over-period increase was due to: (a) greater service revenues, as a result of: (i) the award of new facilities maintenance contracts and (ii) scope expansion on previously existing contracts, and (b) an increase in project work, largely within the manufacturing and industrial and network and communications market sectors. Revenues of this segment for 2025 were positively impacted by $14.1 million given favorable exchange rate movements for the British pound versus the United States dollar.

Cost of sales and gross profit

The following table presents cost of sales, gross profit (revenues less cost of sales), and gross profit as a percentage of revenues (“gross profit margin”) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except for percentages):

Consolidated gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $3.28 billion, or 19.3% of revenues, compared to consolidated gross profit of $2.77 billion, or 19.0% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Gross profit for 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $165.6 million, net of amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $28.1 million. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, the year-over-year increases in gross profit and gross profit margin were driven by both of our United States construction segments, as well as our United States building services segment, in each case due to improved revenue mix and excellent project execution.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

The following table presents selling, general and administrative expenses (“SG&A”) and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues (“SG&A margin”) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except for percentages):

Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $1.71 billion, or 10.1% of revenues, compared to selling, general and administrative expenses of $1.42 billion, or 9.7% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Selling, general and administrative expenses for 2025 included $141.3 million of incremental expenses directly related to companies acquired, including amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $22.5 million. Additionally included in selling, general and administrative expenses for 2025 were $9.4 million of transaction related costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of Miller Electric and $10.7 million of transaction related costs incurred in connection with the sale of our United Kingdom operations.

Excluding incremental expenses resulting from acquisitions and dispositions, our selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $132.9 million, primarily as a result of greater: (a) incentive compensation expense, predominantly within our United States construction segments, given higher annual operating results, (b) salaries and related employment expenses, due to additional headcount to support our organic revenue growth as well as annual cost of living adjustments, and (c) computer hardware and software costs due to various information technology and cybersecurity initiatives currently in process.

The 40 basis point increase in our SG&A margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was primarily due to: (a) improved gross profit and gross profit margin, which resulted in the above-referenced increase in incentive compensation expense across certain of our operating subsidiaries, and (b) the impact of the transaction related costs referenced above.

Operating income (loss)

The following table presents by segment our operating income (loss) and each segment’s operating income (loss) as a percentage of such segment’s revenues (“operating margin”) for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands, except for percentages):

Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $1.71 billion, an increase of $368.6 million compared to operating income of $1.34 billion for the year ended December 31, 2024. Operating margin was 10.1% and 9.2% in 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2025 included a $144.9 million gain on the sale of our United Kingdom operations, which positively impacted operating margin by 85 basis points. Excluding the impact of such gain, operating income increased by $223.7 million, predominantly as a result of greater contribution from our United States construction segments, as described in further detail below. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $24.4 million net of amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $50.6 million.

Operating income of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $612.0 million compared to operating income for the year ended December 31, 2024 of $447.2 million. Largely driven by Miller Electric, this segment’s operating income for 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $22.1 million, net of amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $42.0 million. The year-over-year increase in operating income of this segment resulted from greater gross profit given its growth in revenues. Although the most significant increase in gross profit was experienced within the network and communications market sector, increased gross profit was generated within the majority of the other market sectors in which we operate, generally in line with the revenue trends described above. While below the record 13.4% operating margin earned in 2024, operating margin of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment for 2025 of 12.1% remained above its historical average and reflects the overall strength of our project portfolio. Operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2025 was negatively impacted by: (a) lower profitability on certain projects in new geographies where we encountered reduced labor productivity or availability while investing in the development of a workforce and (b) the incremental intangible asset amortization expense resulting from the acquisition of Miller Electric, which reduced operating margin by approximately 80 basis points.

Our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment’s operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $905.3 million, or 12.8% of revenues, compared to operating income of $799.6 million, or 12.5% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition to the impact of greater revenues, the operating results of this segment for 2025 benefited from a more favorable mix of work and better project execution, including enhanced productivity, due in part to investments in virtual design and construction, prefabrication, and automation. From a market sector perspective, greater profitability was experienced across a number of the sectors in which we operate, with the most significant increase in gross profit coming from network and communications. This segment’s operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 included incremental acquisition contribution of $3.7 million, net of amortization expense attributable to identifiable intangible assets of $6.4 million. Partially offsetting this increased profitability was a decrease in gross profit from the commercial and high-tech manufacturing market sectors, primarily as a result of the reduced revenues within these sectors, as referenced above.

Operating income of our United States building services segment for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $187.2 million, or 6.0% of revenues, compared to operating income of $176.7 million, or 5.7% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. For 2025, this segment’s mechanical services division continued to produce strong margins across its portfolio of HVAC retrofits, building automation and controls projects, and repair service work orders. Headwinds faced in this segment’s commercial site-based services and government site-based services divisions, given the loss of the previously referenced facilities maintenance contracts, partially offset such profitability during the year. The results of this segment for the year ended December 31, 2024 included an $11.0 million reserve for a specific customer bankruptcy within its commercial site-based services division, which negatively impacted the segment’s operating margin by 30 basis points in such prior year period.

Our United States industrial services segment’s operating income for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $25.0 million, or 2.0% of revenues, compared to operating income of $44.2 million, or 3.5% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. The year-over-year decrease in operating income and operating margin of this segment was primarily a result of a less favorable revenue mix when compared to the prior year period, which benefited from: (a) turnaround projects of a greater size, (b) a large renewable fuel project, and (c) a greater amount of indirect labor absorption.

As referenced above, on December 1, 2025, we sold our United Kingdom operations, the results of which are reported within our United Kingdom building services segment through the date of sale. Operating income of this segment for the applicable 2025 period was $21.0 million, or 4.4% of revenues, compared to operating income of $21.5 million, or 5.0% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Operating income for the 2025 period included $3.7 million of transaction related costs incurred in connection with the sale, which reduced operating margin of the segment by approximately 80 basis points. Excluding these expenses, the increase in this segment’s operating income and operating margin was due to the revenue growth it experienced, which resulted in: (a) greater gross profit and (b) a reduction in SG&A margin due to the leverage gained on its overhead cost structure. Operating income of this segment for 2025 was positively impacted by $0.7 million as a result of favorable exchange rate movements for the British pound versus the United States dollar.

Our corporate administration expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $181.9 million compared to $144.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Corporate expenses for 2025 included $9.4 million of transaction related costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of Miller Electric as well as $7.0 million of transaction related costs incurred in connection with the sale of our United Kingdom operations. Excluding these items, the increase in corporate expenses for 2025 was primarily a result of greater: (a) computer hardware and software costs, due to various information technology and cybersecurity initiatives currently in process, and (b) employment expenses, partially due to additional headcount to support our growth as well as annual cost of living adjustments.

Other items

Interest expense was $12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $8.2 million compared to interest expense of $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Such year-over-year increase was due to the temporary utilization of our revolving credit facility during 2025.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, interest income was $20.0 million, a decrease of $15.4 million compared to interest income of $35.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This year-over-year decrease was a result of a lower average daily invested cash balance in 2025.

Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $448.8 million, based on an income tax rate of 26.1%, compared to an income tax provision and an income tax rate of $370.2 million and 26.9%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Refer to Note 11 - Income Taxes of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further discussion regarding our income tax provision and effective income tax rate.

Remaining Unsatisfied Performance Obligations

The following table presents the transaction price allocated to remaining unsatisfied performance obligations (“remaining performance obligations”) for each of our reportable segments and their respective percentage of total remaining performance obligations (in thousands, except for percentages):

Our remaining performance obligations at December 31, 2025 were $13.25 billion, a $3.15 billion increase compared to remaining performance obligations of $10.10 billion at December 31, 2024. Acquisitions, including Miller Electric, account for approximately $1.61 billion of the year-over-year increase, with the remaining growth resulting from new contract awards, notably within our United States construction segments. Remaining performance obligations decreased by $185.5 million due to the sale of our United Kingdom operations. From a market sector perspective, we experienced growth within the majority of the sectors we serve, with the most significant increases within: (a) network and communications, predominantly as a result of several data center construction contracts, (b) institutional, largely as we continue to see demand for our services from education customers, including a number of colleges and universities, (c) water and wastewater, given recent project awards in the Southeast region of the United States, (d) hospitality and entertainment, due to select project opportunities, (e) manufacturing and industrial, resulting from certain: (i) food processing construction projects and (ii) renewable energy projects, and (f) commercial, including various warehousing and distribution projects. Partially offsetting these increases was a reduction in remaining performance obligations from the high-tech manufacturing market sector, primarily due to the completion of certain semiconductor manufacturing construction projects.

See Note 3 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further disclosure regarding our remaining performance obligations.

2024 versus 2023

For discussion and analysis of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources, as well as our primary liquidity requirements and sources and uses of cash.

We are focused on the efficient conversion of operating income into cash to provide for the Company’s material cash requirements, including working capital needs, investment in our growth strategies through business acquisitions and capital expenditures, satisfaction of contractual commitments, including principal and interest payments on any outstanding indebtedness, and shareholder return through share repurchases and dividend payments. We strive to maintain a balanced approach to capital allocation in order to achieve growth, deliver value, and minimize risk.

Management monitors financial markets and overall economic conditions for factors that may affect our liquidity and capital resources and adjusts our capital allocation strategy as necessary. Negative macroeconomic trends could have an adverse effect on future liquidity if we experience delays in the payment of outstanding receivables beyond normal payment terms, an increase in credit losses, or significant increases in the price of commodities or the materials and equipment utilized for our project and service work, beyond those experienced in recent years. In addition, during economic downturns, there have typically been fewer small discretionary projects from the private sector and our competitors have aggressively bid larger long-term infrastructure and public sector contracts. Our liquidity is also impacted by: (a) the type and length of construction contracts in place, as performance of long duration contracts typically requires greater amounts of working capital, (b) the level of turnaround activities within our United States industrial services segment, as such projects are billed in arrears pursuant to contractual terms that are standard within the industry, and (c) the billing terms of our maintenance contracts, including those within our United States building services segment. While we strive to negotiate favorable billing terms, which allow us to invoice in advance of costs incurred on certain of our contracts, there can be no assurance that such terms will be agreed to by our customers.

As of December 31, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1.11 billion, which are maintained in depository accounts and highly liquid investments with original maturity dates of three months or less. Both our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are expected to be met through our cash and cash equivalent balances, cash generated from our operations, and, as necessary, the borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. Our credit agreement provides for a $1.30 billion revolving credit facility, for which there was $1.23 billion of available capacity as of December 31, 2025.

Refer to Note 9 - Debt of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding our credit agreement. Based upon our current credit rating and financial position, we can also reasonably expect to be able to secure long-term debt financing if required to achieve our strategic objectives; however, no assurances can be made that such debt financing will be available on favorable terms. We believe that we have sufficient financial resources available to meet our short-term and foreseeable long-term liquidity requirements.

Cash Flows

The following table presents a summary of our operating, investing, and financing cash flows (in thousands):

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our cash balance, including cash equivalents and restricted cash, decreased by $228.4 million from $1.34 billion at December 31, 2024 to $1.11 billion at December 31, 2025. Changes in our cash position from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025 are described in further detail below. For a discussion of the changes in our cash position from December 31, 2023 to December 31, 2024, refer to the Liquidity and Capital Resources section included in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Operating Activities – Operating cash flows generally represent our net income as adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. For 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.30 billion compared to approximately $1.41 billion in 2024. The $105.8 million decrease in our operating cash flow was a result of an increase in working capital, primarily on our construction projects, given the progression on a number of contracts for which we were previously billed ahead. As we worked through these upfront payments, we saw the expected decrease in operating cash as our cash outflows exceeded our inflows on these projects. Such decrease was partially offset by a year-over-year increase in our net income.

Investing Activities – Investing cash flows consist primarily of payments for acquisition of businesses, capital expenditures, and proceeds from the sale or disposal of property, plant, and equipment or other long-term assets. Net cash used in investing activities for 2025 increased by approximately $574.3 million compared to 2024, primarily due to an increase in payments for acquisitions, including Miller Electric, partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of our United Kingdom operations.

Financing Activities – Financing cash flows consist primarily of the issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, repurchases of common stock, payments of dividends to stockholders, and the issuance of common stock through certain equity plans. Net cash used in financing activities during 2025 was $663.8 million compared to $555.4 million during 2024. The $108.4 million variance was primarily due to an increase in common stock repurchases made by us. The timing of common stock repurchases is at management’s discretion subject to securities laws and other legal requirements and depends upon several factors, including market and business conditions, current and anticipated future liquidity, share price, and share availability, among others. For additional detail regarding our share repurchase program, refer to Note 12 - Common Stock of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

During 2025, we paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, cash payments related to dividends were $45.0 million and $43.4 million, respectively. In December 2025, our Board of Directors announced its intention to increase the regular quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share commencing with the dividend to be paid in January 2026. Our credit agreement places limitations on the payment of dividends on our common stock. However, we do not believe that the terms of such agreement currently materially limit our ability to pay such quarterly dividends for the foreseeable future.

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash – Prior to the sale of our United Kingdom operations in December of 2025, we were exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates with respect to the British pound. Therefore, the $9.5 million variance between the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was a direct result of exchange rate movements for the British pound versus the United States dollar.

Material Cash Requirements from Contractual and Other Obligations

As of December 31, 2025, our short-term and long-term material cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations were as follows:

Outstanding Debt and Interest Payments – As of December 31, 2025, there were no direct borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. Interest payments on any future borrowings will be determined based on prevailing interest rates at that time. Refer to Note 9 - Debt of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further detail of our debt obligations, including our revolving credit facility.

Operating and Finance Leases – In the normal course of business, we lease real estate, vehicles, and equipment under various arrangements which are classified as either operating or finance leases. Future payments for such leases, excluding leases with initial terms of one year or less, were $570.5 million at December 31, 2025, with $122.3 million payable within the next 12 months. Refer to Note 16 - Leases of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further detail surrounding our lease obligations and the timing of expected future payments.

Open Purchase Obligations – As of December 31, 2025, we had $3.07 billion of open purchase obligations, of which payments totaling approximately $2.63 billion are expected to become due within the next 12 months. These obligations represent open purchase orders to suppliers and subcontractors related to our construction and services contracts. These purchase orders are not reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are not expected to impact future liquidity as amounts should be recovered through customer billings.

Insurance Obligations – As described in further detail in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we have loss payment deductibles and/or self-insured retentions for certain insurance matters. As of December 31, 2025, our insurance liabilities, net of estimated recoveries, were $291.0 million. Of this net amount, approximately $68.5 million is estimated to be payable within the next 12 months. Due to many uncertainties inherent in resolving these matters, it is not practical to estimate these payments beyond such period. To the extent that the amount required to settle claims covered by insurance continues to increase, the cost of our insurance coverage, including premiums and deductibles, is likely to increase.

Contingent Consideration Liabilities – We have incurred liabilities related to contingent consideration arrangements associated with certain acquisitions, payable in the event discrete performance objectives are achieved by the acquired businesses during designated post-acquisition periods. The aggregate amount of these liabilities can change due to additional business acquisitions, settlement of outstanding liabilities, changes in the fair value of amounts owed based on performance during such post-acquisition periods, and accretion in present value. As of December 31, 2025, the present value of expected future payments relating to these contingent consideration arrangements was $8.8 million. Of this amount, $7.3 million is estimated as being payable during 2026.

In addition, material cash requirements for other potential obligations, for which we cannot reasonably estimate future payments, include the following:

Legal Proceedings – We are involved in several legal proceedings in which damages and claims have been asserted against us. While litigation is subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of litigation is not predictable with assurance, we do not believe that any such matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Refer to Note 15 - Commitments and Contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information regarding legal proceedings .

Multiemployer Benefit Plans – In addition to our Company sponsored benefit plans, we participate in certain multiemployer pension and other post-retirement plans. The cost of these plans is equal to the annual required contributions determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated collective bargaining agreements. During 2025, 2024, and 2023, contributions made to these plans were $725.7 million, $577.0 million, and $502.3 million, respectively; however, our future contributions to the multiemployer plans are dependent upon a number of factors. Amounts of future contributions that we would be contractually obligated to make pursuant to these plans cannot be reasonably estimated. Refer to Note 14 - Retirement Plans of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information regarding multiemployer benefit plans.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Other Commercial Commitments

The terms of our construction contracts frequently require that we obtain from surety companies, and provide to our customers, surety bonds as a condition to the award of such contracts. These surety bonds are issued in return for premiums, which vary depending on the size and type of the bond, and secure our payment and performance obligations under such contracts. We have agreed to indemnify the surety companies for amounts, if any, paid by them in respect of surety bonds issued on our behalf. As of December 31, 2025, based on the percentage-of-completion of our projects covered by surety bonds, our aggregate estimated exposure, assuming defaults on all our then existing contractual obligations, was approximately $3.03 billion, which represents approximately 23% of our total remaining performance obligations.

Surety bonds expire at various times ranging from final completion of a project to a period extending beyond contract completion in certain circumstances. Such amounts can also fluctuate from period to period based upon the mix and level of our bonded operating activity. For example, public sector contracts require surety bonds more frequently than private sector contracts and, accordingly, our bonding requirements typically increase as the amount of our public sector work increases. Our estimated maximum exposure as it relates to the value of the surety bonds outstanding is lowered on each bonded project as the cost to complete is reduced, and each commitment under a surety bond generally extinguishes concurrently with the expiration of its related contractual obligation.

Surety bonds are sometimes provided to secure obligations for wages and benefits payable to or for certain of our employees, at the request of labor unions representing such employees. In addition, surety bonds or letters of credit may be issued as collateral for certain insurance obligations. As of December 31, 2025, we satisfied approximately $105.5 million and $72.8 million of the collateral requirements of our insurance programs by utilizing surety bonds and letters of credit, respectively. All such letters of credit were issued under our revolving credit facility, therefore reducing the available capacity of such facility.

We are not aware of any losses in connection with surety bonds that have been posted on our behalf, and we do not expect to incur significant losses in the foreseeable future.

From time to time, we discuss with our current and other surety bond providers the amounts of surety bonds that may be available to us based on our financial strength and the absence of any default by us on any surety bond issued on our behalf and believe those amounts are currently adequate for our needs. However, if we experience changes in our bonding relationships or if there are adverse changes in the surety industry, we may: (a) seek to satisfy certain customer requests for surety bonds by posting other forms of collateral in lieu of surety bonds, such as letters of credit, parent company guarantees, or cash, in order to convince customers to forego the requirement for surety bonds, (b) increase our activities in our businesses that rarely require surety bonds, and/or (c) refrain from bidding for certain projects that require surety bonds.

There can be no assurance that we would be able to effectuate alternatives to providing surety bonds to our customers or to obtain, on favorable terms, sufficient additional work that does not require surety bonds. Accordingly, a reduction in the availability of surety bonds could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows.

In the ordinary course of business, we, at times, guarantee obligations of our subsidiaries under certain contracts. Generally, we are liable under such an arrangement only if our subsidiary fails to perform its obligations under the contract. Historically, we have not incurred any substantial liabilities as a consequence of these guarantees.

We do not have any other material financial guarantees or off-balance sheet arrangements other than those disclosed herein.

Other Items

To help mitigate the impacts of greenhouse gas emissions on climate change, EMCOR has established initial carbon-based fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Although to date we have not incurred any material costs or capital expenditures associated with achieving our targets, we could be required to expend amounts in future periods as we continue to work towards our goals. It is not possible, at this time, to estimate the impact that future costs and/or capital expenditures may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.

New Accounting Pronouncements

We review new accounting standards to determine the expected impact, if any, that the adoption of such standards will have on our financial position and/or results of operations. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding new accounting standards, including the anticipated dates of adoption and the effects on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of our consolidated financial statements is based on the application of significant accounting policies, which require management to make estimates and assumptions. Our significant accounting policies are described further in Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We base our estimates on historical experience, known or expected trends, third-party valuations, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies or methods for the year ended December 31, 2025. We believe the following critical accounting policies govern the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.

Revenue Recognition from Contracts with Customers

The Company recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services by applying the following five step model: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; (5) recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied.

The nature of our contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including pending change orders and claims; contract bonuses and incentive fees; and liquidated damages and penalties. We recognize revenue for such variable consideration when it is probable, in our judgment, that a significant future reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. The Company estimates the amount of variable consideration to be included in the transaction price utilizing one of two prescribed methods, depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled.

Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, as well as the significant judgment involved in determining variable consideration, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation, and/or our estimates of transaction prices, will be revised in the near term. For those performance obligations for which revenue is recognized using a cost-to-cost input method, changes in total estimated costs, and related progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, or changes in the estimate of transaction prices, are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made.

Based on an evaluation of individual projects that were substantially complete in prior periods but had revisions to total estimated costs or anticipated contract value (inclusive of the settlement of previously outstanding change orders and claims) that resulted in an increase to profitability in excess of $1.0 million, we recognized revenue during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 as summarized in the following table (in thousands):

In addition, included in our results for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $12.3 million of gross profit recognized on two contracts as a result of favorable developments on certain claims. Of this amount, $8.4 million was reported within our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment and $3.9 million was reported within our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment.

Based on an evaluation of individual projects that had revisions to total estimated costs or anticipated contract value that resulted in a reduction of profitability in excess of $1.0 million, our operating results were negatively impacted during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, as summarized in the following table (in thousands):

Due to the significant judgments utilized in the estimation process described above, if subsequent actual results and/or updated assumptions, estimates, or projections related to our underlying project positions were to change from those utilized at December 31, 2025, it could result in a material impact to our results of operations. For example, a 50 basis point increase or decrease in the estimated gross profit margin on our uncompleted construction projects, in the aggregate, as a result of a revision in estimated costs to complete a performance obligation or a revision in estimated transaction price, would have resulted in an increase or decrease to operating income of approximately $175 million for the year ended December 31, 2025.

See Note 3 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further disclosure regarding revenue recognition.

Insurance Liabilities

We have loss payment deductibles for certain workers’ compensation, automobile liability, general liability, and property claims, have self-insured retentions for certain other casualty claims, and are self-insured for employee-related healthcare claims. In addition, we maintain a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary to manage certain of our insurance liabilities. Losses are recorded based upon estimates of our liability for claims incurred and for claims incurred but not reported. The liabilities are derived from known facts, historical trends, and industry averages, utilizing the assistance of an independent third-party actuary to determine the best estimate for the majority of these obligations. We believe the liabilities recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these obligations are adequate. However, such obligations are difficult to assess and estimate due to numerous factors, including severity of injury, determination of liability in proportion to other parties, timely reporting of occurrences, and effectiveness of safety and risk management programs. Therefore, if our actual experience differs from the assumptions and estimates used for recording the liabilities, adjustments may be required and will be recorded in the period that the experience becomes known. In addition, an increase in the cost to settle insurance claims could result in higher insurance costs and deductibles. As of December 31, 2025, our estimated net insurance liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile liability, general liability, and property claims increased by $50.8 million when compared to December 31, 2024. Such increase was a result of greater potential exposures, including the impact of acquired companies, and an increase in certain of our deductibles or self-insured retentions. If our estimated insurance liabilities for workers’ compensation, automobile liability, general liability, and property claims were to increase by 10%, it would have resulted in $29.1 million of additional expense for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Goodwill, Identifiable Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets

Goodwill

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we had goodwill of $1.41 billion and $1.02 billion, respectively, arising out of the acquisition of businesses. Goodwill is not amortized but instead allocated to its respective reporting unit and evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may be impaired. We have determined that our reporting units are consistent with the reportable segments identified in Note 18 - Segment Information of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 36.7% of our goodwill related to our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment, approximately 28.5% related to our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment, approximately 26.0% related to our United States building services segment, and approximately 8.8% related to our United States industrial services segment.

Absent any earlier identified impairment indicators, we perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment on October 1 each fiscal year. Qualitative indicators that may trigger the need for interim quantitative impairment testing include, among others, a deterioration in macroeconomic conditions, declining financial performance, deterioration in the operational environment, or an expectation of selling or disposing of a portion of a reporting unit. Additionally, an interim impairment test may be triggered by a significant change in business climate, a loss of a significant customer, increased competition, or a sustained decrease in share price. In assessing whether our goodwill is impaired, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value exceeds the carrying amount, no impairment is recognized. However, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, the goodwill of the reporting unit is impaired and an impairment loss in the amount of the excess is recognized and charged to operations.

We performed our annual impairment assessment of all reporting units as of October 1, 2025 and determined there was no impairment of goodwill. Based on these impairment assessments, the fair values of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment, our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment, our United States building services segment, and our United States industrial services segment exceeded their carrying values by approximately $6.43 billion, $10.11 billion, $1.27 billion, and $120.3 million, respectively. As part of such annual testing, we compared the aggregate fair value of our reporting units to our market capitalization, noting that such comparison supported the reasonableness of the key assumptions utilized in determining the fair value of each of our reporting units.

In completing our annual impairment assessment, we determined the fair value of each of our reporting units using an income approach whereby fair value was calculated utilizing discounted estimated future cash flows, assuming a risk-adjusted industry weighted average cost of capital. The weighted average cost of capital used in our annual impairment testing was 10.4% for our United States construction segments, 11.0% for our United States building services segment, and 10.6% for our United States industrial services segment. These weighted average cost of capital estimates were developed with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation specialist and reflect the overall level of inherent risk within the respective reporting unit and the rate of return a market participant would expect to earn.

Our cash flow projections were derived from our most recent internal forecasts of anticipated revenue growth rates and operating margins, with cash flows beyond the discrete forecast period estimated using a terminal value calculation which incorporated historical and forecasted trends, an estimate of long-term growth rates, and assumptions about the future demand for our services. The perpetual growth rate used for our annual testing was 2.5% for all of our reporting units.

Due to the inherent uncertainties involved in making estimates, our assumptions may change in future periods. Estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our goodwill impairment testing may prove to be inaccurate predictions of the future, and other factors used in assessing fair value, such as the weighted average cost of capital, are outside the control of management. Unfavorable changes in certain of these key assumptions may affect future testing results. For example, keeping all other assumptions constant, a 50 basis point increase in the weighted average cost of capital would cause the estimated fair values of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment, our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment, our United States building services segment, and our United States industrial services segment to decrease by approximately $445.2 million, $609.5 million, $99.5 million, and $25.3 million, respectively. In addition, keeping all other assumptions constant, a 50 basis point reduction in the perpetual growth rate would cause the estimated fair values of our United States electrical construction and facilities services segment, our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment, our United States building services segment, and our United States industrial services segment to decrease by approximately $242.3 million, $342.4 million, $49.2 million, and $9.9 million, respectively. Given the amounts by which the fair value exceeds the carrying value for each of our reporting units, the decreases in estimated fair values described above would not have significantly impacted the results of our 2025 impairment tests. Further, for each of our reporting units, a 10% decline in the estimated fair value of such reporting unit, due to other changes in our assumptions, including forecasted future cash flows, would not have significantly impacted the results of our 2025 impairment tests.

Identifiable Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets

As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, net identifiable intangible assets (primarily consisting of our customer relationships, subsidiary trade names, contract backlog, and developed technology/vendor network) arising out of the acquisition of businesses were $1.11 billion and $648.2 million, respectively. The determination of identifiable intangible asset values, related estimated useful lives, and whether those assets are impaired involves significant judgments based upon short- and long-term projections of future performance. These forecasts reflect assumptions regarding anticipated macroeconomic conditions as well as our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses.

Absent earlier indicators of impairment, we test for impairment of subsidiary trade names that are not subject to amortization on an annual basis (October 1). In addition, we review for impairment of identifiable intangible assets that are being amortized as well as other long-lived assets whenever facts and circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable.

As of October 1, 2025, we performed our annual impairment testing of all subsidiary trade names that are not subject to amortization and determined that there was no impairment of these assets. In performing this impairment assessment, we considered the sensitivity of the reported amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying our testing. For example, we performed sensitivity analyses and concluded that, individually, none of the following changes in estimates or assumptions would have significantly impacted the results of our testing or resulted in a material impairment of our subsidiary trade names: (a) a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate utilized in our testing, (b) a 50 basis point decline in the perpetual growth rate utilized in our testing, or (c) a 10% decrease in the estimated fair value of each trade name.

With respect to identifiable intangible assets that are being amortized as well as other long-lived assets, we did not identify any circumstances indicating that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable and, therefore, no impairment testing was required for these assets during the year ended December 31, 2025.

During 2023, we identified facts and circumstances that indicated the carrying values of certain long-lived assets within our United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment may not be fully recoverable, necessitating a comparison of their carrying values to the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows estimated to result from the use of such assets. As a result of this test, we determined that these assets were impaired, and recognized a $2.4 million impairment charge as calculated using a discounted cash flow model.

Other Considerations

As referenced above, impairment testing is based upon assumptions and estimates determined by management from a review of our operating results and business plans as well as forecasts of anticipated growth rates and margins, among other considerations. In addition, estimates of weighted average costs of capital are developed with the assistance of an independent third-party valuation specialist. These assumptions and estimates may change in future periods. Significant adverse changes to external market conditions or our internal forecasts, if any, could result in future impairment charges. It is not possible at this time to determine if any future impairment charge will result or, if it does, whether such a charge would be material to our results of operations.

Refer to Note 8 - Goodwill, Identifiable Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information about our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets as well as our impairment testing. No impairment of our goodwill or identifiable intangible assets was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023.
