ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Market Information. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “EME.”

Holders. As of February 20, 2026, there were approximately 1,200 stockholders of record.

Dividends. We have paid quarterly dividends since October 25, 2011. We expect that such quarterly dividends will be paid for the foreseeable future. Prior to October 25, 2011, no cash dividends had been paid on the Company’s common stock. During 2025, we paid a regular quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share. In December 2025, our Board of Directors announced its intention to increase the regular quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share commencing with the dividend to be paid in January 2026. Our 2023 Credit Agreement places limitations on the payment of dividends on our common stock. However, we do not believe that the terms of such agreement currently materially limit our ability to pay such quarterly dividends for the foreseeable future. See Note 9 - Debt of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding our 2023 Credit Agreement.

Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

The following table summarizes repurchases of our common stock made by us during the quarter ended December 31, 2025:

_________

(1) In September 2011, our Board of Directors (the “Board”) authorized a share repurchase program allowing us to begin repurchasing shares of our outstanding common stock. Subsequently, the Board has from time to time increased the amount authorized for repurchases under such program. Since the inception of the repurchase program, through December 31, 2025, the Board has authorized us to repurchase up to $3.65 billion of our outstanding common stock. As of December 31, 2025, there remained authorization for us to repurchase approximately $680.6 million of our shares. No shares have been repurchased by us since the program was announced other than pursuant to such program. Refer to Note 12 - Common Stock of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further information regarding our share repurchase program.

(2) Excludes 4,426 shares surrendered to the Company by participants in our share-based compensation plans to satisfy minimum tax withholdings for common stock issued under such plans.

(3) Price paid per share excludes any applicable broker commission or excise tax due. However, as such amounts are considered direct costs associated with the repurchase of our common stock, they have been reflected as a reduction in the remaining authorization under our share repurchase program.

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
