ITEM 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .

A substantial portion of our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries outside of the U.S. in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Most of our non-U.S. subsidiaries conduct their business primarily in their local currencies, which are also their functional currencies. Foreign currency exposures arise from translation of foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars and from transactions denominated in a currency other than the subsidiary’s functional currency. We continue to manage the associated foreign currency transaction and translation risk using existing processes.

The Company manages foreign currency transaction and translation risk by utilizing derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, including forward exchange contracts, cross-currency swap contracts and certain foreign currency denominated debt designated as net investment hedges. The derivative financial instrument contracts are with major investment grade financial institutions and we do not anticipate any material non-performance by any of the counterparties. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

Derivative financial instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. Further information on the fair value of these contracts is provided in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are adjusted to fair value by recording gains and losses through the Consolidated Statement of Income. Derivatives that are designated as hedges are adjusted to fair value by recording gains and losses through accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheet until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. For cross-currency swaps measured using the spot method, the periodic interest settlements are recognized directly in earnings through interest expense. The translation of the foreign currency denominated debt that has been designated as a net investment hedge is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and remains there until the underlying net investment is sold or substantially liquidated. A 10 percent change in foreign exchange rates related to our forward exchange contracts as of June 30, 2025, would affect earnings by approximately $80 million. A majority of the impact would be offset by changes in value from the remeasurement of the underlying items being hedged. Collectively, the forward exchange contracts and their associated hedged items do not create material market risk.

The Company's debt portfolio contains variable rate debt, consisting of commercial paper, inherently exposing the Company to interest rate risk. The Company's objective is to maintain a 60/40 mix between fixed rate and variable rate debt thereby limiting its exposure to changes in near-term interest rates. A 100 basis point increase in near-term interest rates would increase annual interest expense on variable rate debt, consisting of commercial paper borrowings as of June 30, 2025, by approximately $18 million.
