ITEM 1 . Business

Parker-Hannifin Corporation was incorporated in Ohio in 1938. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Company", "Parker", "we" or "us" refer to Parker-Hannifin Corporation and its subsidiaries, and the term "year" and references to specific years refer to the applicable fiscal year.

Parker is a global leader in motion and control technologies. Leveraging a unique combination of interconnected technologies, we design, manufacture, and provide aftermarket support for highly engineered solutions that create value for customers primarily in aerospace & defense, in-plant & industrial equipment, transportation, off-highway, energy, and HVAC & refrigeration markets around the world.

Parker values having a decentralized operating structure that fosters deeper connections with our customers and greater engagement among our team members. To align our operations and achieve our goal of top quartile performance, we deploy our business system, The Win Strategy TM , which establishes goals and strategies for engaged people, customer experience, profitable growth and financial performance. Underpinning this business system is our culture of safety, collaboration, continuous improvement, and team-based problem solving. Together our goals, strategies, and culture help us to fulfill our purpose: Enabling Engineering Breakthroughs that Lead to a Better Tomorrow. We credit the Win Strategy with leading Parker through a period of sustained operational excellence and transformation and believe it is the foundation for achieving our future goals.

Our investor relations website address is investors.parker.com . We make available free of charge on or through our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing those reports electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information contained on or accessible through our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for each of its committees. These charters, as well as our Global Code of Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Independence Standards for Directors, are posted and available on our investor relations website under the Governance page. Shareholders may request copies of these corporate governance documents, free of charge, by writing to our principal executive offices located at Parker-Hannifin Corporation, 6035 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124-4141, Attention: Secretary, or by calling (216) 896-3000.

Markets

Our interconnected technologies and solutions provide value for customers across our market verticals including aerospace & defense, in-plant & industrial equipment, transportation, off-highway, energy, and HVAC and refrigeration. We serve several hundred thousand OEM and distribution customer locations.

Reportable Segments

We have two reportable segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. Of the Company's $19.9 billion in net sales for fiscal year 2025, Diversified Industrial Segment products accounted for 69 percent and Aerospace Systems Segment products accounted for 31 percent.

Diversified Industrial Segment . Our Diversified Industrial Segment, which is an aggregation of several business units, sells highly engineered differentiated products to both original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") and distributors who serve the aftermarket replacement markets. The major market verticals served by our Diversified Industrial Segment are listed below:

Aerospace Systems Segment . Our Aerospace Systems Segment sells highly engineered, differentiated airframe and engine components and systems to OEMs and aftermarket parts and maintenance directly to end users primarily in the commercial aerospace and defense market verticals. The major market platforms served by our Aerospace Systems Segment are listed below:

Principal Products and Methods of Distribution

We offer hundreds of thousands of individual part numbers, and no single product contributed more than one percent to our total net sales for the year ended June 30, 2025. Listed below are some of our principal products.

Diversified Industrial Segment . Our Diversified Industrial Segment products consist of a broad range of motion-control systems and components, which are described below:

Diversified Industrial Segment products include standard products, as well as custom products which are engineered and produced to OEM specifications for application to particular end products. Standard and custom products are also used in the replacement of original products. We market our Diversified Industrial Segment products primarily through field sales employees and independent distributors located throughout the world.

Aerospace Systems Segment . Our Aerospace Systems Segment products are used in commercial and defense airframe and engine programs and include:

We market our Aerospace Systems Segment products through our regional sales organizations, which sell directly to OEMs and end users throughout the world.

Competition

Parker operates in highly competitive markets and industries. We offer our products over numerous, varied markets through our divisions operating in 43 countries. Our global scope means that we have hundreds of competitors across our various markets and product offerings. Our competitors include U.S. and non-U.S. companies. These competitors and the degree of competition vary widely by product lines, end markets, geographic scope and/or geographic locations. Although each of our segments has numerous competitors, given our market and product breadth, no single competitor competes with the Company with respect to all the products we manufacture and sell.

In the Diversified Industrial Segment, Parker competes based on product quality and innovation, customer experience, manufacturing and distribution capability, aftermarket support, and price competitiveness. We believe that we are one of the market leaders in most of the major markets for our most significant Diversified Industrial Segment products. We have comprehensive motion and control technologies allowing us to provide the broadest systems capabilities. While our primary global competitors include Bosch Rexroth AG, Danaher Corporation, Danfoss A/S, Donaldson Company, Inc., Emerson Climate Technologies, Inc., Emerson/ASCO, Festo AG & Co., Freudenberg-NOK, Gates Corporation, IMI/Norgren, SMC Corporation, Swagelok Company, and Trelleborg AB, none of these businesses compete with every group or product in our Diversified Industrial Segment.

In the Aerospace Systems Segment, we have developed relationships with key customers based on our advanced technological and engineering capabilities, performance in quality, delivery, service, and price competitiveness. This has enabled us to obtain significant original equipment business on new aircraft programs for our systems and components, as well as the follow-on repair and replacement business for these programs. Further, the Aerospace Systems Segment utilizes design and manufacturing techniques as well as best cost region and supply chain management strategies to reduce cost. Although we believe that we are one of the market leaders in most of the major markets for our most significant Aerospace Systems Segment products, primary global competitors for these products include Crane Co., Eaton Corporation plc, Honeywell International, Inc., Moog Inc., RTX Corporation, Safran S.A., Senior plc, Triumph Group, Inc., and Woodward, Inc.

Across our two segments, we believe that our broad-based portfolio of core technologies, which consist of hydraulics, pneumatics, electromechanical, filtration, fluid & gas handling, process control, engineered materials, and climate control, is a positive factor in our ability to compete effectively with both large and small competitors. We believe that the following factors also contribute to our ability to compete effectively:

• Our business system, The Win Strategy

• Technology powerhouse of interconnected solutions

• Deep partnerships with our customers to develop innovative products

• Application engineering expertise

• Global distribution network

• Decentralized operating structure

Patents, Trademarks, Trade Names, Copyrights, Trade Secrets, Licenses

We own a number of patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets and licenses related to our products. We also have exclusive and non-exclusive rights to use patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights and trade secrets owned by others. In addition, patent and trademark applications are pending, although there can be no assurance that further patents and trademarks will be issued. We do not depend on any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or license or group of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or licenses to any material extent.

Backlog and Seasonal Nature of Business

Backlog consists of written firm orders from a customer to deliver products and, in the case of blanket purchase orders, only includes the portion of the order for which a schedule or release date has been agreed to with the customer. The dollar value of backlog is equal to the amount that is expected to be billed to the customer and reported as a sale. Our backlog by business segment for the past two years is included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Our backlog was $11.0 billion at June 30, 2025 and $10.9 billion at June 30, 2024. Approximately 71 percent of our backlog at June 30, 2025 is scheduled for delivery in the succeeding twelve months. Because of the breadth and global scope of our business, our overall business is generally not seasonal in nature.

Environmental Regulation

Certain of our operations require the use and handling of hazardous materials and, as a result, the Company is subject to United States federal, state, and local laws and regulations as well as non-U.S. laws and regulations designed to protect the

environment and regulate the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws impose penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance and liability for response costs, property damage and personal injury resulting from past and current spills, disposals or other releases of, or exposures to, hazardous materials. Among other environmental laws, we are subject to the United States federal "Superfund" law, under which we have been designated as a "potentially responsible party" and may be liable for cleanup costs associated with various waste sites, some of which are on the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund priority list.

As of June 30, 2025, Parker was involved in environmental remediation and litigation at various U.S. and non-U.S. manufacturing facilities presently or formerly operated by us and as a "potentially responsible party," along with other companies, at off-site waste disposal facilities and regional sites.

We believe that our policies, practices and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and the consequent financial liability to the Company. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations requires continuing management efforts and expenditures by the Company. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations has not had in the past, and, we believe, will not have in the future, a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position.

Our reserve for environmental matters is discussed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Government Regulation

In addition to the environmental regulations discussed above, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign government regulations relating to the development, manufacture, marketing, sale and distribution of our products and services in the countries where we conduct business. Compliance with these laws and regulations often requires the dedication of time and effort of our team members, as well as financial resources. Additional information about the impact of government regulations on our business is included in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”

Energy Matters and Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

Our primary energy source for both of our business segments is electric power. While we cannot predict future costs of electric power, we manage this cost through aggregation in deregulated markets and leveraging contracts with established pricing on portions of our energy load. We are subject to governmental regulations in regard to energy supplies in the United States and elsewhere. To date, we have not experienced any significant disruptions of our operations due to energy curtailments.

We primarily use steel, brass, copper, aluminum, nickel, rubber and thermoplastic materials and chemicals as the principal raw materials in our products. We expect these materials to be available from numerous sources in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements.

Acquisitions

On September 12, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Meggitt plc ("Meggitt"). On June 30, 2025, the Company announced that it has agreed to acquire Curtis Instruments, Inc. from Rehlko. The pending acquisition of Curtis Instruments, Inc. and prior year acquisitions are discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

Human Capital Management

At Parker, we align employment levels with the global needs of our business and our customers. As of June 30, 2025, we employed approximately 57,950 persons that we refer to as “team members,” of whom approximately 29,520 were employed by foreign subsidiaries.

Our talented and passionate team members are the foundation of Parker’s enduring growth, bringing new ideas and perspectives to enhance our safety performance, improve productivity and inspire a diverse and inclusive culture. We see a clear path to a brighter future, and it begins with providing our people the resources that enable them to find personal and professional satisfaction in their work, responsibly move our company forward and strengthen our communities, fulfilling our purpose of Enabling Engineering Breakthroughs that Lead to a Better Tomorrow .

The Win StrategyTM 3.0, Purpose and Values

The Win Strategy 3.0 is Parker’s business system that defines the goals and initiatives that drive growth, transformation and success. It works with our purpose, which is a foundational element of The Win Strategy, to engage team members and create responsible and sustainable growth.

The Win Strategy has four overarching goals: Engaged People, Customer Experience, Profitable Growth and Financial Performance, supported by our shared values of a Winning Culture, Passionate People, Valued Customers and Engaged Leadership. Our shared values shape our culture and our interactions with stakeholders and the communities in which we operate and live.

Safety

The safety and well-being of Parker team members is our highest priority. Our safety goal is simple: to be the safest industrial company in the world, which we define as having the lowest annual recordable incident rate among our proxy peers. In fiscal year 2025, the recordable incident rate per 100 team members was 0.27, compared to a recordable incident rate of 0.31 in fiscal year 2024. We have successfully reduced our recordable incident rate by over 50% since our fiscal year 2019.

Our safety program is anchored on a safety management system that has globally deployed procedures and work instructions, including management of incidents and near miss events. We create a culture of safety through a variety of initiatives, leadership focus, and our commitment to safety as the first stated goal of The Win Strategy.

We engage team members in improving safety performance through High Performance Teams ("HPTs"). All Parker manufacturing locations have an active, chartered Safety HPT and every value stream has a representative who is responsible for safety within their area of the business. This ownership culture at the manufacturing level is an integral component of our safety program.

Engaged People

Engagement directly influences business performance. We strongly believe in empowering our team members to think like owners and take action to improve their areas of the business. Engagement is deeply ingrained in our culture, and as an overarching goal of The Win Strategy it is key to achieving top quartile financial performance.

Parker activates engagement through our HPTs, which apply the expertise and perspective of team members who are closest to the product and customer to drive improvement throughout the company. We closely track our progress in support of a high performing work environment through our Global Engagement Survey. Our last completed survey, in fiscal year 2025, achieved a 92% response rate with an overall engagement score of 75%.

Talent Development

We have a well-defined talent development program managed through our Talent Central system, which connects all business units globally on a common platform and provides team members with visibility to skill development, career planning and learning opportunities. This shared platform is the catalyst for talent management at Parker.

Our review process enables us to assess talent globally, from early-in-career roles through senior leaders. This review facilitates the identification of key talent and allows us to build meaningful development plans and align career growth opportunities. The talent process is also supported by our Integrated Career System program which illustrates career paths for various roles and the steps to advance through the organization.

Supplementing the talent development process are Parker’s learning offerings, which help team members expand their professional skills and take ownership of their learning and development. Examples of center-led programs are our annual ethics and compliance training and cyber security training that all team members are required to complete, in addition to programs for developing supervisory and leadership skills. Functional-specific programs include HPT training, lean bootcamps and kaizen event orientations. Local and regional training includes site safety, equipment safety and site quality requirements.

In addition to formal training programs, there are a host of development tools available which include mentoring relationships, coaching and feedback, job shadowing, project bubble assignments and other stretch projects.

Inclusion

An inclusive environment is a core tenet of our values and one of our key measures of success within The Win Strategy. We have an ongoing commitment to an inclusive and welcoming workplace where everyone feels valued and adds value.

One important component of Parker’s inclusive workplace is the development and deployment of Business Resource Groups ("BRGs"), each of which is open to all team members. In addition to our BRGs, we have processes in place to attract and retain team members with a wide range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences, helping to support them with career plans and experienced mentors. Our goal is to promote a strong, inclusive work environment that will provide us the best talent to further strengthen our organization for success.

Compensation and Benefits

As a global employer, we are committed to offering competitive compensation and benefits, tailored to geography, industry, experience and performance. Our programs are designed to attract team members, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention. We provide benefit programs with the goal of improving physical, mental and financial wellness of our team members throughout their lifetime. Some examples include base and variable pay, health and insurance benefits, paid time off, and retirement saving plans.

Information about our Executive Officers

Ms. Parmentier has been Chairman of the Board since January 2024 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2023. Before becoming Chief Executive Officer in 2023, she was Chief Operating Officer since August 2021. She was Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group from February 2019 to August 2021. She was Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group from September 2015 to February 2019. She was General Manager of the Hose Products Division from May 2014 to September 2015; and General Manager of the Sporlan Division from May 2012 to May 2014. She is also a Director of Nordson Corporation.

Mr. Leombruno has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President and Controller from July 2017 to January 2021. He was Vice President and Controller – Engineered Materials Group from January 2015 to June 2017; and Director of Investor Relations from June 2012 to December 2014. He is also a Director of The Timken Company.

Mr. Ross has been President since January 2024 and Chief Operating Officer since January 2023. He was Vice President and President of the Fluid Connectors Group from September 2015 to December 2022. He was Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group from July 2012 to September 2015.

Mr. Hart has been Executive Vice President - Human Resources and External Affairs since January 2016. He was Vice President - Total Rewards from August 2013 to January 2016.

Mr. Bendali has been Vice President and President of the Engineered Materials Group since August 2022. He was Vice President of Operations for the Engineered Materials Group from October 2021 to July 2022 and was General Manager of the Noise, Vibration and Harshness Division from October 2019 to September 2021. Prior to joining the Company as part of the acquisition of LORD Corporation ("Lord") in October 2019, Mr. Bendali was Vice President at LORD with responsibility for Aerospace and Defense sales, marketing and programs.

Mr. Bracht has been Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group since August 2021. He was Vice President of Operations for the Engineered Materials Group from July 2018 to August 2021. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems LLC from 2015 to 2018. Bendix designs, develops and supplies products under the Bendix brand name for medium- and heavy-duty trucks, tractors, trailers, buses, and other commercial vehicles throughout North America. Prior to Bendix, he held several executive leadership positions during his 24-year career at Bosch Rexroth, including President and Chief Executive Officer of Bosch Rexroth Americas.

Mr. Czaja has been Vice President - Chief Technology and Innovation Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President of Technology and Innovation for the Motion Systems Group from August 2019 to December 2020; Vice President of Technology and Innovation for the Aerospace Group from August 2004 to July 2019; and Division Engineering Director from October 2000 to July 2004.

Mr. Gentile has been Vice President - Global Supply Chain since July 2017. He was General Manager of the Company's Process Filtration Division from December 2013 to July 2017 and was Vice President of Supply Chain for the Filtration Group from July 2008 to November 2013.

Ms. Ives has been Vice President and Controller since January 2021. She was Vice President, Assistant Controller from September 2020 to December 2020; Group VP Controller for the Instrumentation Group from November 2019 to August 2020; and Division Controller for the Electromechanical and Drives Division from October 2010 to October 2019.

Mr. Jacobson has been Vice President and President of the Filtration Group since July 2025. He was Vice President of Operations for the Motion Systems Group from July 2021 to June 2025 and Vice President of Supply Chain for the Motion Systems Group from June 2020 to June 2021. He held General Manager roles with the Hydraulic Pump and Power Systems Division and the Accumulator and Cooler Division from March 2013 to May 2020.

Mr. Leonti has been Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since July 2014. He was Assistant Secretary from April 2011 to July 2014 and Associate General Counsel from January 2008 to July 2014.

Mr. Parel has been Vice President - Chief Digital and Information Officer since January 2021. He was Vice President and Chief Information Officer from October 2018 to January 2021. He was Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Dover Corporation from May 2016 through October 2018. Dover is a diversified global manufacturer that delivers equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions and support services.

Mr. Reidy has been Vice President and President of the Aerospace Group since January 2024. He was Vice President of Operations for the Aerospace Group from December 2022 to December 2023. He held General Manager roles with the Precision Fluidics Division, the Advanced Atomization Technologies joint venture, and the Gas Turbine Fuel Systems Division from May 2017 to December 2022.

Mr. Scott has been Vice President and President of the Fluid Connectors Group since January 2024. He was Vice President of Operations for the Aerospace Group from May 2021 to December 2023 and also served as Integration Leader for Parker’s acquisition of Meggitt plc. He held General Manager roles with the Gas Turbine Fuel Systems Division and the Fluid Systems Connectors Divisions from December 2015 to May 2021.

Mr. Malone has been a Vice President since December 2014 and previously also held the role of President of the Filtration Group from December 2014 to June 2025. He was Vice President of Operations for the Filtration Group from January 2013 to December 2014. He is also a Director of The Manitowoc Company, Inc.
