UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

For the fiscal year ended September 27, 2025

or

For the transition period from __________ to __________.

Commission File Number 001-38842

500 South Buena Vista Street

Burbank , California 91521

Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code

( 818 ) 560-1000

Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No o

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ̈

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No x

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing price on the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions) was $ 176.6 billion. All executive officers and directors of the registrant and all persons filing a Schedule 13D with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect to registrant’s common stock have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be “affiliates” of the registrant.

There were 1,785,288,846 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 5, 2025.

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Certain information required for Part III of this report is incorporated herein by reference to the proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of the Company’s shareholders.

THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance and may include statements concerning, among other things, financial results; business plans (including statements regarding new products and services, future expenditures, cost, investments and transactions for which conditions to close have not been satisfied, including entering into additional agreements, regulatory or other approvals or other conditions); future liabilities and other obligations; impairments and amortization; estimates of the financial impact of certain items, accounting treatment, events or circumstances; competition and seasonality on our businesses and results of operations; and capital allocation, including share repurchases and dividends. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “expects,” “plans,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “potential,” “continue,” “assumption” or “judgment” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions as of the date of this report. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from expectations or results projected or implied by forward-looking statements.

Such differences may result from actions taken by the Company, including restructuring or strategic initiatives (including capital investments, asset acquisitions or dispositions, new or expanded business lines or cessation of certain operations), our execution of our business plans (including the content we create and intellectual properties (IP) we invest in, our pricing decisions, our cost structure and our management and other personnel decisions), our ability to quickly execute on cost rationalization while preserving revenue, the discovery of additional information or other business decisions, as well as from developments beyond the Company’s control, including:

• the occurrence of subsequent events;

• deterioration in domestic and global economic conditions or failure of conditions to improve as anticipated;

• deterioration in or pressures from competitive conditions, including competition to create or acquire content, competition for talent and competition for advertising revenue;

• consumer preferences and acceptance of our content, offerings, pricing model and price increases, and corresponding subscriber additions and churn, and the market for advertising sales on our direct-to-consumer services and linear networks;

• health concerns and their impact on our businesses and productions;

• international, including tariffs and other trade policies, political or military developments;

• regulatory and legal developments;

• technological developments;

• labor markets and activities, including work stoppages;

• adverse weather conditions or natural disasters; and

• availability of content.

Such developments may further affect entertainment, travel and leisure businesses generally and may, among other things, affect (or further affect, as applicable):

• our operations, business plans or profitability, including direct-to-consumer profitability;

• demand for our products and services;

• the performance of the Company’s content;

• our ability to create or obtain desirable content at or under the value we assign the content;

• the advertising market for programming;

• taxation; and

• performance of some or all Company businesses either directly or through their impact on those who distribute our products.

Additional factors include those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the captions “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business,” in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made.

PART I

ITEM 1. Business

The Walt Disney Company, together with the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted (the Company), is a diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences.

The terms “Company”, “we”, “our” and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to the parent company and the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted.

ENTERTAINMENT

The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and episodic content production and distribution activities.

The lines of business within Entertainment along with their significant business activities include the following:

• Linear Networks

◦ Domestic: ABC Television Network (ABC Network); Disney, Freeform, FX and National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) branded television channels; and eight owned ABC television stations

◦ International: Disney, FX and National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) branded television channels

◦ A 50% equity investment in A+E Global Media (formerly A+E Television Networks) (A+E), which develops and distributes content globally

• Direct-to-Consumer

◦ Disney+: a global direct-to-consumer (DTC) service that primarily offers general entertainment and family programming. Subscribers to both Disney+ and one of the ESPN DTC plans (see Sports segment discussion) have access to certain sports content through Disney+.

◦ Hulu: a U.S. DTC service that offers general entertainment programming and a virtual multi-channel video programming distributor (vMVPD) service that includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks (Hulu Live TV service). Subscribers to both Hulu and one of the ESPN DTC plans have access to certain sports content through Hulu.

• Content Sales/Licensing

◦ Theatrical distribution

◦ Sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD) services

◦ Home entertainment distribution: electronic home video licenses, video-on-demand rentals and licensing of physical (DVD/Blu-ray discs) distribution rights

◦ Intersegment allocation of revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer products merchandise licensing revenues generated on intellectual property (IP) created by the Entertainment segment

◦ Staging and licensing of live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world (Stage Plays)

◦ Music distribution

◦ Post-production services by Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound

Theatrical, TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution revenues are collectively referred to as “content sales.”

Entertainment also includes the following activities that are reported with Content Sales/Licensing:

• National Geographic magazine and online business (owned 73% by the Company)

• A 30% ownership interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India

The revenues of Entertainment are as follows:

• Subscription fees - Fees charged to customers/subscribers for our DTC streaming services, including fees charged to multi-channel video programming distributors (i.e. cable, satellite and telecommunications providers and vMVPDs) (MVPDs) and other distributors

• Advertising - Sales of advertising time/space

• Affiliate fees - Fees charged to MVPDs for the right to deliver our programming to their customers. Linear Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network.

• Theatrical distribution - Rentals from licensing our films to theaters

• TV/VOD and home entertainment distribution

◦ Licensing fees for the right to use our film and episodic content

◦ Electronic sales and rentals of film and episodic content through distributors

◦ Fees from the licensing of physical distribution rights

• Other revenue - Revenues from licensing our music, ticket sales from stage play performances, fees from licensing our IP for use in stage plays, sales of post-production services and the allocation of consumer products merchandise licensing revenues

The expenses of Entertainment are as follows:

• Operating expenses, consisting of the following:

◦ Programming and production costs, which include:

▪ Amortization of capitalized production costs

▪ Amortization of the costs of licensed programming rights

▪ Subscriber-based fees for programming our Hulu Live TV service, including fees paid by Hulu to ESPN and the Entertainment linear networks business for the right to air their linear networks on Hulu Live TV

▪ Production costs related to live programming (primarily news)

▪ Participations and residual expenses

▪ Fees paid to ESPN to program certain sports content on ABC Network and Disney+

◦ Other operating expenses, which include technology support costs and distribution costs

• Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs

• Depreciation and amortization

Linear Networks

The majority of Linear Networks revenue is derived from affiliate fees and advertising. The Company’s Linear Networks businesses provide programming under multi-year licensing agreements with MVPDs and/or affiliated television stations that are generally based on contractually specified rates on a per subscriber basis. The amounts that we can charge for our networks are largely dependent on the quality and quantity of programming that we can provide and the competitive market for programming services. The ability to sell advertising time and the rates received are primarily dependent on the size and nature of the audience that the network can deliver to the advertiser as well as overall advertiser demand.

Domestic Linear Networks

ABC Network

ABC Network programming is aired in the primetime, daytime, late night, news and sports “dayparts”. Primetime programming includes scripted and unscripted programming, movies and specials. ESPN programs the sports daypart on ABC Network, which is branded ESPN on ABC. ABC Network distributes programming to approximately 245 local affiliated television stations and to our eight owned television stations, which collectively reach almost 100% of U.S. television households.

ABC Network produces a variety of unscripted programming, primetime specials, news and daytime programming.

Disney Channels

Branded television channels include: Disney Channel; Disney Junior; and Disney XD (collectively Disney Channels). Disney Channels air programming 24 hours a day targeted to kids ages 2 to 14 and generally feature live-action comedy series, animated programming and preschool series as well as original movies and theatrical films.

Freeform

Freeform is a channel targeted to viewers ages 18 to 34 that airs original and licensed television series, films and holiday programming events.

FX Channels

Branded television channels include: FX; FXM; and FXX (collectively FX Channels), which air a mix of original and licensed television series and films.

National Geographic Channels

Branded television channels include: National Geographic; Nat Geo Wild; and Nat Geo Mundo (collectively National Geographic Channels). National Geographic Channels air programming in genres such as travel, adventure, wildlife, documentary, science and history.

The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows:

(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2025.

Domestic Television Stations

The Company owns eight television stations, six of which are located in the top ten television household markets in the U.S. Our television stations collectively reach approximately 20% of U.S. television households.

(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research, U.S. Television Household Estimates, January 1, 2025

International Linear Networks

International Linear Networks use content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content acquired from third parties. The Company operates approximately 180 general entertainment and family channels outside the U.S. in approximately 30 languages and 170 countries/territories.

General Entertainment

General Entertainment channels include FX and National Geographic, which air a variety of scripted, reality and documentary programming. As of September 2025, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our general entertainment channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 145 million.

Family

Family channels include Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which air a variety of animated and live action original series and movies targeted to kids ages 2 to 14. As of September 2025, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our family channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 130 million.

Equity Investments

The most significant equity investment at Linear Networks is A+E. The Company’s share of A+E’s financial results are reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.

A+E is owned 50% by the Company and 50% by Hearst. A+E operates a variety of cable channels, the most significant of which are:

• A&E – which offers entertainment programming including original reality and documentary programming

• HISTORY – which offers original unscripted series and event-driven specials

• Lifetime – which offers programming targeted to women

Direct-to-Consumer

Disney+ and Hulu are subscription-based DTC services offered individually or in various bundles, which may include one of the ESPN DTC plans and/or third-party DTC services. The majority of Direct-to-Consumer revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising.

Disney+

Disney+ offers general entertainment and family programming from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as programming licensed from third parties. Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic branded programming are all top-level selections or “tiles” within the Disney+ interface. Outside the U.S., Disney+ includes a Star branded tile, which was rebranded as Hulu in October 2025, that features general entertainment programming. Additionally, subscribers to Disney+ have access to certain sports content through an ESPN branded tile on Disney+. In the U.S., subscribers to bundled offerings (e.g. Disney+ along with Hulu, ESPN Unlimited or ESPN Select) have access to certain content from the other services or plans on Disney+.

Disney+ offers a subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) service without advertising in each of the markets it operates and a SVOD ad-supported service in the U.S., Canada and select Latin American and European markets.

As of September 27, 2025, the estimated number of paid Disney+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 132 million.

Hulu

Hulu is a domestic DTC service with general entertainment content from the Company’s various studios as well as content licensed from third parties. Hulu offers SVOD services with or without advertising in addition to the Hulu Live TV service. The Live TV service is available with either of Hulu’s SVOD services and includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. In addition, Hulu offers subscriptions to premium services such as Max, Cinemax, Starz and Paramount+ with Showtime, which can be added to the Hulu service. Certain programming from ABC, Freeform and FX is also available on the Hulu SVOD service one day after the linear airing on these channels. Subscribers to both Hulu and one of the ESPN DTC plans have access to certain sports content through Hulu.

As of September 27, 2025, the estimated number of paid Hulu subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 64 million.

On October 29, 2025, the Company and FuboTV Inc. (Fubo), a publicly traded vMVPD, combined certain of Hulu Live TV assets, including its carriage agreements, subscription agreements and related data, advertising and sponsorship agreements and intellectual property exclusively related to the “Live TV” brand, with Fubo. The Company has a 70 % interest in the combined entity, with the remaining 30 % interest retained by Fubo shareholders. Hulu Live TV will continue to be available to consumers as a separate offering post-closing. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Content Sales/Licensing and Other

The majority of Content Sales/Licensing revenue is derived from distribution in the theatrical, TV/VOD and home entertainment windows. In addition, revenue is generated from music distribution, stage plays and post-production services through Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound.

The Company also publishes National Geographic magazine, which is reported with Content Sales/Licensing.

Theatrical Distribution

The Company licenses full-length live-action and animated films to theaters globally. Cumulatively through fiscal year 2025, the Company has released approximately 1,100 full-length live-action films and 100 full-length animated films. Domestically and in most major international markets, we distribute and market our films directly. In certain international markets our films are distributed by independent companies. In some territories, certain films may be exclusively distributed on our DTC streaming services. During fiscal year 2026, we expect to release approximately 20 films.

The Company incurs significant marketing and advertising costs before and throughout the theatrical release of a film in an effort to generate public awareness of the film, to increase the public’s intent to view the film and to help generate consumer interest in the subsequent home entertainment and other ancillary markets. These costs are expensed as incurred, which may result in a loss on the theatrical distribution of a film, including in periods prior to the release of the film.

TV/VOD Distribution

We license our content to third-party television networks, television stations and other video service providers for distribution to viewers on television or a variety of internet-connected devices, including through other DTC services.

Home Entertainment Distribution

The Company’s film and episodic content is sold in both electronic (home video license and video-on-demand rentals) and physical formats. We distribute electronic formats through e-tailers such as Apple and Amazon, and MVPDs, such as Comcast and DirecTV. We have licensed the rights for physical distribution to third parties who generally sell to retailers, such as Walmart and Amazon.

Electronic formats of film content in the home entertainment window are typically available approximately two months after the theatrical release and physical distribution generally starts within three to four months after the theatrical release.

Disney Theatrical Group

Disney Theatrical Group develops, produces and licenses live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world. Productions include The Lion King , Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , Frozen and Hercules .

Disney Theatrical Group also licenses the Company’s IP to Feld Entertainment, the producer of Disney On Ice .

Disney Music Group

The Disney Music Group encompasses all aspects of the Company’s music commercialization and marketing including: recorded music (Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records); music publishing; and concerts. Disney Music Group distributes music both physically and digitally and also licenses music throughout the world in various forms of media, including: television; print; gaming; and consumer products.

Equity Investment

The Company has a 30% effective interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India.

Content Production and Acquisition

Produced content primarily consists of original films and episodic programs and network news and daytime/late night programming. Acquired content includes rights to episodic programming, movies and specials. Original content is generally produced under the following banners: Disney Branded Television; FX Productions; Lucasfilm; Marvel; National Geographic Studios; Pixar; Searchlight Pictures; Twentieth Century Studios; 20th Television; and Walt Disney Pictures. Original content is also commissioned from and produced by various third-party studios. Program development is carried out in collaboration with writers, producers and creative teams.

Costs to produce content are generally capitalized and allocated across Entertainment’s businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows.

Generally, the Company has full production and distribution rights to its IP. However, Sony Pictures Entertainment has the rights to produce and distribute Spider-Man films as a result of licensing these rights from Marvel prior to the Company’s acquisition of Marvel.

The Company has a significant library of content spanning approximately 100 years of production history as well as acquired libraries. The library of content includes approximately 5,300 live-action film titles, 460 animated film titles and episodic series (series with four or more seasons include approximately: 80 dramas; 55 comedies; 40 non-scripted series; 15 animated series; and 10 live-action series). In addition, the library includes approximately 150 series and 100 films that were produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.

In fiscal 2026, the Company will continue to produce or commission a significant number of episodic and film titles, of which the vast majority will initially be distributed on our Linear Networks and/or DTC platforms or theatrically. Programming is also produced for third parties, who typically have exclusive domestic linear distribution rights for a certain time period (after which the rights revert back to the Company) while the Company retains domestic video-on-demand and international distribution rights.

Competition and Seasonality

Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs, other DTC streaming services and other advertising media such as online search, marketplaces, social media and other digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas.

Linear Networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry, including changes in subscriber levels, the prevalence of streaming services and other factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place.

Content Sales/Licensing businesses compete with all forms of entertainment and a significant number of companies that produce and/or distribute film and episodic content, distribute products in the home entertainment market, provide pay TV/VOD services, and produce music and live theater.

The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods.

We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on-demand services for creative and performing talent, story properties, show concepts, scripted and other programming, advertiser support, production facilities and exhibition outlets that are essential to the success of our Entertainment businesses.

Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal and cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. Affiliate and subscription revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs and our streaming services.

SPORTS

The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming content production and distribution activities.

The lines of business within Sports include the following:

• ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company) (See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on potential future changes in ESPN ownership)

◦ Domestic:

▪ ESPN-branded television channels

▪ ESPN DTC

▪ ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN)

◦ International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S.

The revenues of Sports are as follows:

• Affiliate and subscription fees

• Advertising

• Other revenue - Fees from the following activities: pay-per-view events on the ESPN DTC services, sub-licensing of sports rights, programming ESPN on ABC and licensing the ESPN brand

The expenses of Sports are as follows:

• Operating expenses, consisting of programming and production costs and other operating expenses. Programming and production costs include amortization of licensed sports rights and production costs related to live sports and other sports-related programming. Other operating expenses include technology support costs and distribution costs.

• Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs

• Depreciation and amortization

Domestic ESPN

Branded television channels include the following 24-hour domestic television sports channels:

• ESPN and ESPN2 - both dedicated to professional and college sports as well as sports news and original programming

• ESPNU - dedicated to college sports

• ESPNEWS - re-airs select ESPN studio shows and airs a variety of other programming

• SEC Network - dedicated to Southeastern Conference college athletics

• ACC Network - dedicated to Atlantic Coast Conference college athletics

• ESPN Deportes - airs professional and college sports as well as studio shows in Spanish

ESPN offers a U.S. subscription-based DTC service with two plans: ESPN Select and ESPN Unlimited, which started in August 2025. ESPN Select, previously the ESPN+ service through August 2025, offers thousands of live sporting events, on-demand sports content and other original content. ESPN Unlimited includes access to all of ESPN’s branded television channels and ESPN Select content. The ESPN DTC plans are offered individually or in various bundles, including with Disney+ and Hulu. Consumers may also access the service through certain MVPDs.

ESPN programs ESPN on ABC, recognizes the direct revenues and costs for this programming and receives a fee from the ABC Network, which is eliminated in consolidation.

ESPN earns advertising and licensing revenues from providing promotional services and licensing the ESPN BET trademark to PENN Entertainment, Inc. in connection with its operation of a sportsbook. In November 2025, this agreement was terminated effective December 1, 2025, and ESPN entered into a promotional services agreement with DraftKings Inc., under which DraftKings Inc. will serve as the exclusive sportsbook and odds provider of ESPN effective December 1, 2025.

The Company has various sports programming rights, which are used to produce content, including live events and sports news, aired on ESPN linear and digital platforms. Rights include the National Football League (NFL), college football (including bowl games and the College Football Playoff) and basketball, the National Basketball Association (NBA), mixed martial arts (through the end of calendar 2025), Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Hockey League (NHL), soccer, US Open Tennis, Formula 1 (through the end of calendar 2025), the Wimbledon Championships, the Masters golf tournament, the Women’s National Basketball Association (WNBA) and the Professional Golfers’ Association (PGA) Championship. Beginning in September 2025, ESPN platforms became the exclusive distributor for all World Wrestling Entertainment Premium Live Events.

The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows:

(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2025. Estimates include traditional MVPD and vMPVD subscriber counts.

(2) Because Nielsen Media Research does not measure this channel, estimated subscribers are according to SNL Kagan as of December 2024.

In October 2025, ESPN and NFL Enterprises LLC reached a binding agreement for ESPN to acquire the NFL Network and certain other media assets owned and controlled by NFL Enterprises LLC, including NFL’s RedZone Channel pay TV distribution and NFL Fantasy, in exchange for a 10% noncontrolling interest of ESPN (the NFL Transaction). The NFL Transaction is expected to close in calendar year 2026, subject to certain regulatory approvals, including from federal and foreign antitrust authorities, and other customary closing conditions. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

International ESPN

The Company operates approximately 45 ESPN branded sports channels outside the U.S. in 4 languages and approximately 110 countries/territories. In the Netherlands, the ESPN branded channels are operated by Eredivisie Media & Marketing CV (EMM) (owned 51% by the Company), which has the media rights to the Dutch Premier League for soccer. Rights include various soccer leagues (including English Premier League, LaLiga, Bundesliga and multiple UEFA leagues).

Equity Investments

The most significant equity investment at Sports is a 30% interest in CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (CTV), which operates primarily sports-related television networks in Canada. The Company’s share of CTV’s financial results is reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.

Competition and Seasonality

Sports competes for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs and other advertising media such as online search, marketplaces, social media and other digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards.

The Sports television networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry and other factors may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place.

We also compete with other media and entertainment companies and video-on-demand services for sports rights, creative and performing talent and other programming, advertiser support and production facilities that are essential to the success of our Sports businesses.

Advertising revenues are subject to changes in viewership levels and the demand for sports programming. Advertising revenues generated from sports programming are also impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which timing may vary throughout the year or may take place periodically (e.g. biannually, quadrennially). Affiliate and subscription revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs and our streaming services.

EXPERIENCES

The lines of business within Experiences along with their significant business activities include the following:

• Parks & Experiences:

◦ Domestic:

▪ Theme parks and resorts:

• Walt Disney World Resort in Florida

• Disneyland Resort in California

▪ Experiences:

• Disney Cruise Line

• Disney Vacation Club, including Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Hawaii

• National Geographic Expeditions (owned 73% by the Company) and Adventures by Disney

◦ International:

▪ Theme parks and resorts:

• Disneyland Paris

• Hong Kong Disneyland Resort (48% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results)

• Shanghai Disney Resort (43% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results)

• In addition, the Company licenses its IP to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort

• Consumer Products:

◦ Licensing of our trade names, characters, visual, literary and other IP to various manufacturers, game developers, publishers and retailers throughout the world, for use on merchandise, published materials and games

◦ Sale of branded merchandise through online, retail and wholesale businesses, and development and publishing of books, comic books and magazines (except National Geographic magazine, which is reported in Entertainment)

The revenues of Experiences are as follows:

• Theme park admissions - Sales of tickets for admission to our theme parks and for premium access to certain attractions

• Resorts and vacations - Sales of room nights at hotels, sales of cruise and other vacations and sales and rentals of vacation club properties

• Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage - Sales of merchandise, food and beverages at our theme parks and resorts and cruise ships

• Merchandise licensing and retail:

◦ Merchandise licensing - Royalties from licensing our IP for use on consumer goods

◦ Retail - Sales of merchandise through internet shopping sites, at The Disney Store and to wholesalers

• Parks licensing and other - Revenues from sponsorships and co-branding opportunities, real estate rent and sales and royalties earned on Tokyo Disney Resort revenues

The expenses of Experiences are as follows:

• Operating expenses, consisting of operating labor, infrastructure costs, costs of goods sold and distribution costs and other operating expenses. Infrastructure costs include technology support costs, repairs and maintenance, utilities and fuel, property taxes, retail occupancy costs, insurance and transportation. Other operating expenses include costs for such items as supplies, commissions and entertainment offerings.

• Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs

• Depreciation and amortization

Capital investments:

• In recent years, the majority of the Company’s capital spend has been at our parks and experiences business, principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements and systems infrastructure.

Parks & Experiences

Walt Disney World Resort

The Walt Disney World Resort is located approximately 20 miles southwest of Orlando, Florida, on approximately 25,000 acres of land. The resort includes theme parks (the Magic Kingdom, EPCOT, Disney’s Hollywood Studios and Disney’s Animal Kingdom); hotels; vacation club properties; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Springs); a sports complex; conference centers; campgrounds; golf courses; water parks; and other recreational facilities designed to attract visitors for an extended stay.

The Walt Disney World Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or operated by other companies under multi-year agreements.

Magic Kingdom — The Magic Kingdom consists of six themed areas: Adventureland, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Liberty Square, Main Street USA and Tomorrowland. Each area provides a unique guest experience featuring themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

EPCOT — EPCOT consists of four major themed areas: World Showcase, World Celebration, World Nature and World Discovery. All areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Countries represented with pavilions include Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Morocco, Norway, the United Kingdom and the U.S.

Disney’s Hollywood Studios — Disney’s Hollywood Studios consists of eight themed areas: Animation Courtyard, Commissary Lane, Echo Lake, Grand Avenue, Hollywood Boulevard, Star Wars : Galaxy’s Edge, Sunset Boulevard and Toy Story Land. The areas provide behind-the-scenes glimpses of Hollywood-style action through various themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Disney’s Animal Kingdom — Disney’s Animal Kingdom consists of a 145-foot tall Tree of Life centerpiece surrounded by five themed areas: Africa, Asia, DinoLand USA, Discovery Island and Pandora - The World of Avatar. Each area contains themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. The park features more than 300 species of live mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians and 3,000 varieties of vegetation. DinoLand USA will be rethemed and in 2027, is planned to open as Tropical Americas, which will feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Hotels, Vacation Club Properties and Other Resort Facilities — As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned and operated 18 resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Walt Disney World Resort, with approximately 23,000 rooms and 3,900 vacation club units. Resort facilities include 500,000 square feet of conference meeting space and Disney’s Fort Wilderness camping and recreational area, which offers approximately 800 campsites.

Disney Springs is an approximately 120 acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex and consists of four areas: Marketplace, The Landing, Town Center and West Side. The areas are home to approximately 150 venues including the World of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 38,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the offerings at Disney Springs are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.

Ten independently-operated hotels with approximately 7,000 rooms are situated on property leased from the Company.

The ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is an approximately 230 acre center that hosts professional-caliber training and competitions, festival and tournament events and interactive sports activities. The complex, which welcomes both amateur and professional athletes, accommodates multiple sporting events, including baseball, basketball, football, soccer, softball, tennis and track and field. It also includes a stadium and two venues designed for cheerleading, dance competitions and other indoor sports.

Other recreational amenities and activities available at the Walt Disney World Resort include three championship golf courses, miniature golf courses, full-service spas, tennis, sailing, swimming, horseback riding and a number of other sports and leisure time activities. The resort also includes two water parks: Disney’s Blizzard Beach and Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon.

Disneyland Resort

The Disneyland Resort is located in Anaheim, California on approximately 550 acres of land. The resort includes two theme parks (Disneyland and Disney California Adventure), three hotels and a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Downtown Disney).

The Disneyland Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or operated by other companies under multi-year agreements.

Disneyland — Disneyland consists of nine themed areas: Adventureland, Bayou Country, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Main Street USA, Mickey’s Toontown, New Orleans Square, Star Wars : Galaxy’s Edge and Tomorrowland. These areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Disney California Adventure — Disney California Adventure includes eight themed areas: Avengers Campus, Buena Vista Street, Cars Land, Grizzly Peak, Hollywood Land, Paradise Gardens Park, Pixar Pier and San Fransokyo Square. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Hotels, Vacation Club Units and Other Resort Facilities — As of September 27, 2025, the Company owned and operated three resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Disneyland Resort, with approximately 2,400 rooms and 180 vacation club units. Resort facilities included approximately 170,000 square feet of conference meeting space.

Downtown Disney is an approximately 15-acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex with approximately 40 venues including the World of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 25,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the offerings at Downtown Disney are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.

Disneyland Paris

Disneyland Paris is located approximately 20 miles east of Paris, France in Marne-la-Vallée on a 5,200-acre site that is being developed by Disneyland Paris pursuant to a master agreement with French governmental authorities. To date, approximately two-thirds of the site has been developed including properties owned and operated by third parties and a planned community (Val d’Europe). Disneyland Paris’ operations include two theme parks (Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park); seven themed resort hotels; two convention centers; and a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Village).

Disneyland Park — Disneyland Park consists of five themed areas: Adventureland, Discoveryland, Fantasyland, Frontierland and Main Street USA. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Walt Disney Studios Park — Walt Disney Studios Park includes four themed areas: Front Lot, World Premiere Plaza, Worlds of Pixar and Avengers Campus. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. Walt Disney Studios Park is undergoing a multi-year expansion that will include a new themed area based on Frozen , which is planned to open in 2026 and coincide with the renaming of Walt Disney Studios Park to Disney Adventure World.

Hotels and Other Facilities — Disneyland Paris operates seven resort hotels, with approximately 5,750 rooms and 250,000 square feet of conference meeting space.

Disney Village is an approximately 500,000-square-foot themed retail, dining and entertainment complex. Construction is currently underway on a multi-year transformation of Disney Village. Several of the offerings at Disney Village are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.

Val d’Europe is a planned community near Disneyland Paris that is being developed in phases. Val d’Europe currently includes a regional train station, hotels and a town center consisting of a shopping center as well as office, commercial and residential space. Third parties operate these developments on land leased or purchased from the Company.

Hong Kong Disneyland Resort

The Company owns a 48% interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) owns a 52% interest. The resort is located on Lantau Island on 310 acres of land and is in close proximity to the Hong Kong International Airport and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge. Hong Kong Disneyland Resort includes one theme park and three themed resort hotels. A separate Hong Kong subsidiary of the Company is responsible for managing Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. The Company is entitled to receive royalties and management fees based on the revenues and operating performance, respectively, of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort.

Hong Kong Disneyland — Hong Kong Disneyland consists of eight themed areas: Adventureland, Fantasyland, Grizzly Gulch, Main Street USA, Mystic Point, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land and World of Frozen. These areas feature themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Hotels — Hong Kong Disneyland Resort includes three themed hotels with approximately 1,750 rooms and 16,000 square feet of conference meeting space.

Shanghai Disney Resort

The Company owns a 43% interest in Shanghai Disney Resort and Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) owns a 57% interest. The resort is located in the Pudong district of Shanghai on approximately 1,000 acres of land, which includes the Shanghai Disneyland theme park; two themed resort hotels; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disneytown); and an outdoor recreation area. A management company, in which the Company has a 70% interest and Shendi has a 30% interest, is responsible for operating the resort and receives a management fee based on the operating performance of Shanghai Disney Resort. The Company is also entitled to royalties based on the resort’s revenues.

Shanghai Disneyland — Shanghai Disneyland consists of eight themed areas: Adventure Isle, Fantasyland, Gardens of Imagination, Mickey Avenue, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land, Treasure Cove and Zootopia. These areas feature themed attractions, shows, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.

Hotels and Other Facilities — Shanghai Disneyland Resort includes two themed hotels with approximately 1,200 rooms. Disneytown is an 11-acre outdoor complex of retail, dining, and entertainment venues located adjacent to Shanghai Disneyland. Most of the offerings at Disneytown are operated by third parties that pay rent to Shanghai Disney Resort. A third themed hotel, which will have approximately 400 rooms, is currently under construction.

Tokyo Disney Resort

Tokyo Disney Resort is located six miles east of downtown Tokyo, Japan, on 494 acres of land. The Company earns royalties on revenues generated by the Tokyo Disney Resort, which is owned and operated by Oriental Land Co., Ltd. (OLC), a third-party Japanese corporation. The resort includes two theme parks (Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea); hotels; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Ikspiari); and Bon Voyage, a Disney-themed merchandise location.

Tokyo Disneyland — Tokyo Disneyland consists of seven themed areas: Adventureland, Critter Country, Fantasyland, Tomorrowland, Toontown, Westernland and World Bazaar.

Tokyo DisneySea — Tokyo DisneySea is divided into eight “ports of call,” including American Waterfront, Arabian Coast, Lost River Delta, Mediterranean Harbor, Mermaid Lagoon, Mysterious Island, Port Discovery and Fantasy Springs.

Hotels and Other Resort Facilities — Tokyo Disney Resort includes six Disney-branded hotels, with approximately 3,500 rooms and a monorail, which links the theme parks and resort hotels with Ikspiari.

Abu Dhabi Resort

In May 2025, the Company and Miral LLC (Miral) agreed to create a Disney-branded theme park and resort in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, to be built and operated by Miral. The Company will license its IP for the operation of the resort and provide certain development and management services. The Company will earn royalties based on the resort’s revenues and fees for development and management services. The Company will not provide capital for the development and operation of the resort. The development of the resort is subject to finalizing agreements among the parties.

Disney Cruise Line

Disney Cruise Line operates six ships out of ports in North America, Europe and the South Pacific which cater to families, children, teenagers and adults, with themed areas and activities for each group. The Disney Magic and the Disney Wonder are 85,000-ton 875-stateroom ships; the Disney Dream and the Disney Fantasy are 130,000-ton 1,250-stateroom ships; and the Disney Wish and the Disney Treasure are 140,000-ton 1,250-stateroom ships. Many cruises include a visit to Disney Castaway Cay, a 1,000-acre private Bahamian island, and/or Disney Lookout Cay at Lighthouse Point, which is located on approximately 600 acres of land on the island of Eleuthera.

In fiscal 2026, Disney Cruise Line will add two new ships, the Disney Destiny and the Disney Adventure. The Disney Destiny will be approximately 140,000 tons with 1,250 staterooms and is scheduled to begin sailing on November 20, 2025 in North America. The Disney Adventure will be approximately 200,000 tons with approximately 2,100 staterooms and is scheduled to begin sailing in March 2026 in Southeast Asia.

Between calendar years 2027 and 2031, Disney Cruise Line plans to launch four additional cruise ships, all of which are currently under contract to be built.

The Company has a licensing agreement with OLC, under which OLC will own and operate a Disney-branded cruise ship based in Japan. This ship is currently under construction, with sailings expected to commence by 2029. The Company will earn royalties on revenues generated by OLC.

Disney Vacation Club (DVC)

DVC offers ownership interests in 17 resort properties located at the Walt Disney World Resort; Disneyland Resort; Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Hawaii; Vero Beach, Florida; and Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. Available units are offered for sale under vacation ownership plans and are operated as hotel rooms when not occupied by DVC members.

Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a family resort on a 21 acre oceanfront property on Oahu, Hawaii featuring approximately 480 vacation club units, 350 hotel rooms, an 18,000-square-foot spa and 12,000 square feet of conference meeting space.

DVC had a total of approximately 4,700 (two-bedroom equivalent) vacation club units as of fiscal year end 2025. Development is underway at Disney Lakeshore Lodge, which is projected to open in 2027, and will include approximately 430 vacation club units.

Adventures by Disney and National Geographic Expeditions

Adventures by Disney and National Geographic Expeditions offer guided tour packages around the world, predominantly at third party locations.

Storyliving by Disney

The Company is collaborating with developers to build Storyliving by Disney residential communities: Cotino in Rancho Mirage, California; and Asteria in Pittsboro, North Carolina. The communities are currently under development.

Consumer Products

Licensing

The Company’s merchandise licensing operations cover a diverse range of product categories, including: toys, apparel, games, home décor and furnishings, accessories, health and beauty, food, stationery, footwear and consumer electronics. The Company licenses characters from its film, television and other properties for use on third-party products in these categories and earns royalties, which are usually based on a fixed percentage of the wholesale or retail selling price of the products and often include minimum guarantee payments from the licensees. Major properties licensed by the Company include: Mickey and Friends, Lilo & Stitch, Star Wars, Spider-Man, Disney Princess, Frozen, Avengers, Winnie the Pooh and Toy Story.

Retail

The Company sells Disney-, Marvel-, Pixar- and Star Wars-branded products through Disney Store internet sites and retail locations. At fiscal year end 2025, the Company operated approximately 40 stores in Japan, 20 stores in North America, two stores in Europe and one store in China.

The Company creates, distributes and publishes a variety of products, primarily children’s books and comic books, in multiple countries and languages based on the Company’s branded franchises.

Competition and Seasonality

The Company’s Parks & Experiences businesses compete with other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. The profitability of the leisure-time industry may be influenced by various factors that are not directly controllable, such as economic conditions including business cycle and exchange rate fluctuations, health concerns, the political environment, travel industry trends, amount of available leisure time, oil and transportation prices, weather patterns and natural disasters. The licensing and retail business competes with other licensors, retailers and publishers of character, brand and celebrity names, as well as other licensors, publishers and developers of game software, online video content, websites, other types of home entertainment and retailers of toys and kids merchandise.

All of the Parks & Experiences businesses are operated on a year-round basis. Typically, theme park attendance and resort occupancy fluctuate based on the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities, the opening of new guest offerings and pricing and promotional offers. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. In addition, theme park and resort revenues may be higher during significant celebrations such as theme park or character anniversaries and lower in the periods following such celebrations. The licensing, retail and wholesale businesses are influenced by seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which generally results in higher revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarter, and by the timing and performance of theatrical and game releases and direct-to-consumer programming.

INDIA JOINT VENTURE

On November 14, 2024, the Company and Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) formed a joint venture (the India joint venture) that combined the Company’s Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and Disney+ Hotstar direct-to-consumer service in India (Star India) with certain media and entertainment businesses controlled by

RIL (the Star India Transaction). The Company owns 37% of the India joint venture and recognizes its share of the joint venture’s results in “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Star India results through November 14, 2024 were consolidated in the Company’s financial results. See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

HUMAN CAPITAL

The Company seeks to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. The Company’s human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit and perquisite programs; enhance the Company’s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; acquire talent and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing workforce; engage employees as brand ambassadors of the Company and evolve and invest in technology, tools and resources to enable employees at work.

The Company employed approximately 231,000 people as of fiscal year end 2025, of which approximately 172,000 were employed in the U.S. and approximately 59,000 were employed outside the U.S. Our global workforce comprises approximately 76% full-time and 16% part-time employees, with another 8% being seasonal employees. A significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and writers, directors, actors and production personnel for our productions are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, some of our employees outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations.

Some of our key programs and initiatives to attract, develop and retain our workforce include:

• Health, financial, family resources, well-being and other benefits: Disney’s benefit offerings are designed to meet the varied and evolving needs of our employees and their families. These benefit offerings for eligible employees include:

◦ Healthcare options aimed at improving quality of care while limiting out-of-pocket costs

◦ Retirement and savings programs that help employees adapt to changing needs and unexpected events and drive financial security in the present and the future

◦ Family care resources, such as childcare and senior care programs, long-term care coverage and a family building benefit

◦ Paid time-off programs, including vacation and sick and family care leave

◦ Free mental health and well-being resources

◦ Global well-being programs, including in-person offerings through campus health clubs and virtual and onsite events and activities focused on physical, emotional, financial and social well-being

◦ Two Centers for Living Well in the Orlando area that offer convenient, on-demand access to board-certified physicians and counselors

• Talent Development and Education: We invest in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers through training, professional development and educational programs.

◦ Our professional development programs are designed to support the career aspirations of our employees. In fiscal 2025, we launched new leadership development opportunities, including new professional coaching opportunities.

◦ Our education investment program, Disney Aspire, offers assistance for tuition, books and fees to eligible participating employees at a variety of in-network learning providers and universities at levels ranging from high school completion to undergraduate degrees.

• Social Impact: The Company has a longstanding commitment to social impact by supporting children and communities through our philanthropic efforts, including through our support of wish granting and children’s hospitals. We also support communities in which we operate and the contributions of our employees. The Company supports employees who make monetary donations to eligible nonprofits with a generous U.S. matching gifts program. In addition, through the Disney VoluntEARS program, we encourage employees to donate their time and talents to their local communities and provide grants that allow eligible employees to direct donations from the Company to nonprofits of their choosing as a benefit for the time they spend volunteering.

ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

The Company has developed measurable environmental sustainability goals for 2030, based on our assessment of where the Company’s operations have the most significant environmental impacts and where we can most effectively mitigate those impacts. The Company’s goals encompass science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, water stewardship, waste reduction, sustainable design in construction and use of more sustainable materials in our products.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION

The Company’s businesses throughout the world are affected by its ability to exploit and protect against infringement of its IP, including trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and trade secrets. Important IP includes rights in the content of motion pictures, television programs, electronic games, sound recordings, character likenesses, theme park attractions, books and magazines and merchandise. Risks related to the protection and exploitation of IP rights and information concerning the expiration of certain of our copyrights are set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors.

REGULATION

Federal Communications Commission Regulation

Television broadcasting is subject to extensive regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) under federal laws and regulations, including the Communications Act of 1934, as amended. Violation of FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines, limited renewals of licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license. FCC regulations that affect linear channels include the following:

• Licensing of television stations . Each of the television stations we own must be licensed by the FCC. These licenses are granted for periods of up to eight years, and we must obtain renewal of licenses as they expire in order to continue operating the stations. We (and the acquiring entity in the case of a divestiture) must also obtain FCC approval whenever we seek to have a license transferred in connection with the acquisition or divestiture of a station. The FCC may decline to renew or approve the transfer of a license in certain circumstances and may delay renewals while permitting a licensee to continue operating. Although we have received such renewals and approvals in the past or have been permitted to continue operations when renewal is delayed, there can be no assurance that this will be the case in the future.

• Station ownership limits . The FCC imposes limitations on the number of television stations and radio stations an entity can own in a specific market, on the combined number of television and radio stations an entity can own in a single market and on the aggregate percentage of the national audience that can be reached by television stations. Currently:

◦ FCC regulations may restrict our ability to own more than one television station in a market, depending on the size and nature of the market. We do not own more than one television station in any market.

◦ Federal statutes permit our television stations in the aggregate to reach a maximum of 39% of the national audience. Pursuant to the most recent decision by the FCC as to how to calculate compliance with this limit, our eight stations reach approximately 20% of the national audience.

• Dual networks . FCC rules currently prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks — ABC, CBS, Fox and NBC — from being under common ownership or control.

• Foreign ownership . The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively owning more than 25% of the voting or equity interest in a U.S. entity that controls a broadcast television licensee. FCC approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold.

• Regulation of programming . The FCC regulates broadcast programming by, among other things, banning “indecent” programming, regulating political advertising and imposing commercial time limits during children’s programming. Penalties for broadcasting indecent programming can be over $400,000 per indecent utterance or image per station.

Federal legislation and FCC rules also limit the amount of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast or cable channels during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger. In addition, broadcast stations are generally required to provide an average of three hours per week of programming that has as a “significant purpose” meeting the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and younger. FCC rules also give television station owners the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance.

• Cable and satellite carriage of broadcast television stations. With respect to MVPDs operating within a television station’s Designated Market Area, FCC rules require that every three years each television station elect either “must carry” status, pursuant to which MVPDs generally must carry a local television station in the station’s market, or “retransmission consent” status, pursuant to which the MVPDs must negotiate with the television station to obtain the consent of the television station prior to carrying its signal. The ABC owned television stations have historically elected retransmission consent.

• Cable and satellite carriage of programming. The Communications Act and FCC rules regulate some aspects of negotiations between programmers and distributors regarding the carriage of networks by cable and satellite distribution companies, and some cable and satellite distribution companies have sought regulation of additional aspects of the carriage of programming on their systems. New legislation, court action or regulation in this area could have an impact on the Company’s operations.

The foregoing is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act, other legislation and specific FCC rules and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act, other legislation, FCC rules and public notices and rulings of the FCC for further information concerning the nature and extent of the FCC’s regulatory authority.

FCC laws and regulations are subject to change, and the Company generally cannot predict whether new legislation, court action or regulations, or a change in the extent of application or enforcement of current laws and regulations, would have an adverse impact on our operations.

Privacy and Data Protection Regulation

Our businesses are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations in most of the domestic and international jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. Those laws and regulations govern our use, collection, storage, retention and sharing of personal information and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including within the U.S. at the federal level and among the 50 states. This patchwork of domestic and international laws creates different obligations that are, at times, inconsistent with one another.

While there is no comprehensive privacy law in the U.S. at the federal level, there are a number of sector-specific federal privacy laws applicable to our operations, such as the Video Privacy Protection Act, which restricts the ability to share personal information along with specific viewing information with third parties. In addition, various U.S. states, including California, have passed comprehensive data privacy laws that establish various consumer rights with respect to their personal information, including the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information with third parties, to gain access to the personal information that companies hold about them, to delete personal information and to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive information. We are also subject to privacy legal and regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions outside the United States, including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and similar comprehensive data privacy legislation in the UK. These laws require organizations that process the personal data of EU and UK citizens to comply with certain data protection standards and privacy rights, including requirements to implement privacy by design; parental consent for processing children’s data; detailed privacy notices and related consents; breach notifications; and data subject rights to enforce access, rectification, objection, restriction, portability and deletion.

We also are subject to laws and regulations that are intended to protect the privacy of children online, including the Children’s Online Protection Privacy Act, a U.S. federal law that requires websites and online services to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information from children under 13, as well as codes of conduct relating to the design of digital products and services likely to be accessed by children, such as the UK’s Age Appropriate Design Code. These laws, regulations and codes of conduct have an impact on the marketing of our products and services, the advertising on certain of our and third-party digital platforms that distribute our content and the design of certain of our new media offerings.

In addition, U.S. state laws and many international data protection laws require notifications to consumers and regulators in the event of a data breach, mandating that businesses provide consumers and/or government agencies notice of unauthorized access or disclosure of certain information.

Interpretation of privacy and data protection laws and enforcement priorities continue to evolve and in some cases, regulators seek to apply novel interpretations of existing laws.

Compliance with privacy and data protection laws and regulations entails significant investments and is costly and requires us to employ dedicated compliance personnel and processes. In addition, many of these laws and regulations provide for substantial fines, private rights of action for damages and other relief.

International Content Regulation

The laws and regulations in many international jurisdictions in which we operate require our linear networks or our DTC streaming services to include a certain amount of programming produced in specific jurisdictions or languages or require us to invest specified amounts of our revenues in local content or to acquire content produced by local independent production companies. In addition, some countries regulate the content of films and television programming, which can impact our ability to distribute certain content in those jurisdictions or can require us to make adjustments to the films or programming. These laws and regulations increase our costs and impact the way we operate our DTC streaming services and linear networks and the distribution of our films and programming in these markets.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available without charge on our website, www.disney.com/investors, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

We also use our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information. We may also use our Investor Relations website for the purpose of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Disney to review the information we post on our Investor Relations website.

We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. We do not intend our website address to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website into this report.
