UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2025

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________

Commission file number: 1-5794

Masco Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ( 313 ) 274-7400

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☑

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☑ No ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☑

The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on June 30, 2025 (based on the closing sale price of $64.36 of the Registrant's Common Stock, as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date) was approximately $ 13,438,348,177 .

Number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock at January 31, 2026:

203,607,085 shares of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed for its 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

Masco Corporation

2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements

This Report contains statements that reflect our views about our future performance and constitute "forward-looking statements" under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as "outlook," "believe," "anticipate," "appear," "may," "will," "should," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "assume," "seek," "forecast," and similar references to future periods. Our views about future performance involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in our forward-looking statements. We caution you against relying on any of these forward-looking statements.

Our future performance may be affected by the levels of residential repair and remodel activity, and to a lesser extent, new home construction, our ability to maintain our strong brands, to develop innovative products and respond to changing consumer purchasing practices and preferences, our ability to maintain our public image and reputation, our ability to maintain our competitive position in our industries, our reliance on key customers, the cost and availability of materials, our dependence on suppliers and service providers, extreme weather events and changes in climate, risks associated with our international operations and global strategies, the impact on demand, pricing and product costs resulting from tariffs, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of our strategic initiatives, our ability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy and integrate businesses that we have acquired and may in the future acquire, our ability to attract, develop and retain a talented workforce, risks associated with cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and attacks and risks associated with our reliance on information systems and technology.

These and other factors are discussed in detail in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" of this Report. Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it was made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise .

PART I

Item 1. Business.

Masco Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded home improvement and building products. Our portfolio of industry-leading brands includes BEHR® paint; DELTA® and HANSGROHE® faucets, bath and shower fixtures; LIBERTY® branded decorative and functional hardware; and HOT SPRING® spas. We leverage our powerful brands across product categories, sales channels and geographies to create value for our customers and shareholders.

We believe that our solid results of operations and financial position for 2025 resulted from our continued focus on our strategy to drive the full potential of our core businesses, leverage opportunities across our enterprise, and actively manage our portfolio.

In 2025, we continued to return value to our shareholders by repurchasing approximately 8.5 million shares of our common stock and increasing our quarterly dividend by approximately seven percent compared to 2024.

Our Business Segments

We report our financial results in two segments, our Plumbing Products segment and our Decorative Architectural Products segment, which are aggregated by product similarity. Our Decorative Architectural Products segment is impacted by seasonality and normally experiences stronger sales during the second and third calendar quarters, corresponding with the peak season for repair and remodel activity.

Plumbing Products

The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment sell a wide variety of products that are manufactured or sourced by us.

• Our plumbing products include faucets, showerheads, handheld showers, valves, bath hardware and accessories, bathing units, shower bases and enclosures, shower drains, steam shower systems, water filtration systems, sinks and kitchen accessories. We primarily sell these products to home center retailers, online retailers, mass merchandisers, wholesalers and distributors that, in turn, sell them to plumbers, building contractors, remodelers, smaller retailers, consumers and homebuilders. The majority of our faucet, bathing and showering products are sold primarily in North America, Europe and China under the brand names DELTA ® , BRIZO ® , PEERLESS ® , HANSGROHE ® , AXOR ® , KRAUS ® , NEWPORT BRASS ® and WALTEC ® . Our BRISTANTM and HERITAGETM products are sold primarily in the United Kingdom.

• We manufacture acrylic tubs, bath and shower enclosure units , and shower bases and trays . Our DELTA and MIROLIN ® products are sold primarily to home center retailers in North America. Our MIROLIN products are also sold to wholesalers and distributors in Canada.

• Our spas, exercise pools, aquatic fitness systems and saunas are manufactured and sold under our HOT SPRING ® , CALDERA ® , FREEFLOW SPAS ® , FANTASY SPAS ® , AQUATERRA ® , LIFESMART ® , ENDLESS POOLS ® , TYLÖ ® , FINNLEO ® and HELO ® brands, as well as under other trademarks. Our spas, exercise pools and saunas are sold worldwide to independent specialty retailers and distributors and our spas and saunas are also sold to online mass merchandisers. Certain exercise pools are also available on a consumer-direct basis in North America and Europe, while our aquatic fitness systems are sold through independent specialty retailers as well as on a consumer-direct basis in some areas.

• Included in our Plumbing Products segment are brass , copper and composite plumbing system components and other non-decorative plumbing products that are sold to plumbing, heating and hardware wholesalers, home center and online retailers, hardware stores, building supply outlets and other mass merchandisers. These products are marketed primarily in North America under our BRASSCRAFT ® , PLUMBSHOP ® and MASTER PLUMBER ® brands and are also sold under private label.

• Within our Plumbing Products segment we develop connected water products that enhance the experience with water in homes and businesses. These systems include touchless activation, voice activation, controlled volume dispensing and provide for monitoring and controlling the temperature and flow of water and are compatible with a range of faucets, showerheads and other showering components.

• We also perform electron beam irradiation services and supply high-quality, custom thermoplastic solutions, extruded plastic profiles, specialized fabrications and PEX tubing to manufacturers, distributors and wholesalers for use in diverse applications that include faucets and plumbing supplies, appliances and building products.

We believe that our plumbing products are among the leaders in sales in North America and Europe. Competitors of the majority of our products in this segment include Dornbracht GmbH & Co. KG, Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen, Rohl and Riobel brands, Kohler Co., Lixil Group Corporation’s American Standard and Grohe brands, Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.'s Pfister faucets, Villeroy & Boch's Ideal Standard brand, Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation, as well as private label and digitally native brands. Competitors of our spas, exercise pools, aquatic fitness systems and saunas include Artesian Spas, Harvia, Jacuzzi and Master Spas brands, among others. Foreign manufacturers competing with us are located primarily in Europe, China and Canada. Additionally, we face significant competition from private label products and digitally native brands. The businesses in our Plumbing Products segment manufacture products primarily in North America and Europe as well as in Asia and source products from Asia and other regions. Competition for our plumbing products is based largely on brand reputation, product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price. Many of the faucet and showering products with which our products compete are manufactured by low-cost foreign manufacturers that contribute to price competition.

Many of our plumbing products contain brass, the major components of which are copper and zinc. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for our raw materials used in this segment. We have encountered price volatility for brass, brass components and any components containing copper and zinc. To help reduce the impact of this volatility, from time to time we may enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers. In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience significantly higher costs for some of the material inputs and products in this segment that we import as a result of increased duties and tariffs.

Decorative Architectural Products

Our Decorative Architectural Products segment primarily includes architectural coatings, including paints, primers, specialty coatings, stains and waterproofing products, as well as paint applicators and accessories. These products are sold primarily in North America as well as in South America under the brand names BEHR ® , KILZ ® , WHIZZ ® and other trademarks to “do‐it‐yourself” and professional customers through home center retailers and other retailers. Net sales of architectural coatings comprised approximately 31 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2025 and 32 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2024 and 2023. Our BEHR products are sold through The Home Depot, our largest customer overall, as well as this segment’s largest customer. Our Behr business grants to The Home Depot Behr brand exclusivity in the retail sales channel in North America and exclusivity with respect to Kilz branded primer products in the home improvement big box retail sales channel and across online only mass market retail marketplaces in the United States and in the retail sales channel in Canada. The granting of exclusivity affects our ability to sell those products and brands to other customers, and the loss of this segment’s sales to The Home Depot would have a material adverse effect on this segment’s business and on our consolidated business as a whole.

Our competitors in this segment include large national and international brands such as Benjamin Moore & Co., Pittsburgh Paints Co.'s Glidden, Olympic, Pittsburgh Paints and Stains and PPG Paints brands, RPM International Inc.'s Rust-Oleum and Zinsser brands, The Sherwin‐Williams Company's Minwax, Sherwin-Williams, Thompson’s Water Seal, Valspar and Purdy brands and the Wooster Brush Company, as well as many regional and other national brands. We believe that brand reputation is an important factor in consumer selection, and that competition in this industry is also based largely on product features and innovation, product quality, customer service, breadth of product offering and price.

Acrylic resins and titanium dioxide are principal raw materials in the manufacture of architectural coatings. The price of acrylic resins fluctuates based on the price of its components, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. The price for titanium dioxide can fluctuate as a result of global supply and demand dynamics and production capacity limitations, which can have a material impact on our costs and results of operations in this segment. In addition, the prices of crude oil, natural gas, propylene and certain petroleum by-products can impact our costs and results of operations in this segment. We have multiple sources, both domestic and foreign, for the raw materials used in this segment and have encountered price volatility with respect to certain of these materials. To help reduce the impact of this price volatility, we have and may in the future enter into long-term agreements with certain significant suppliers. We import certain materials and products for this segment that have been and may in the future be subject to duties and tariffs. We also have agreements with certain significant suppliers for this segment that are intended to help assure continued supply.

Our Decorative Architectural Products segment includes branded cabinet and door hardware, functional hardware, hook and hook rail products, and outdoor living hardware, which are manufactured for us and sold to home center retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers, original equipment manufacturers and wholesalers. These products are sold under the LIBERTY ® , FRANKLIN BRASS ® and other trademarks. Our key competitors in North America include Amerock Hardware, Richelieu Hardware Ltd., Top Knobs and private label brands. Decorative bath hardware, shower accessories and shower doors are sold under the brand names DELTA ® and FRANKLIN BRASS ® and other trademarks to home center retailers, mass retailers, online retailers, other specialty retailers and wholesalers. Competitors for these products include American Bath Group, LLC's Dreamline brand, Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc.'s Moen brand, Gatco Inc., Kohler Co. and private label brands.

Additional Information

Intellectual Property

We hold numerous U.S. and foreign patents, patent applications, licenses, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing processes. We view our trademarks and other intellectual property rights as important, but do not believe that there is any reasonable likelihood of a loss of such rights that would have a material adverse effect on our present business as a whole.

Laws and Regulations Affecting Our Business

We are subject to federal, state, local and international government laws and regulations. For a more detailed description of the various laws and regulations that impact our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.

We monitor applicable laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and incur ongoing expense relating to compliance, however we do not expect that compliance with federal, state, local and international regulations will result in material capital expenditures or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.

Human Capital Management

The performance of our Company is impacted by our human capital management, and as a result we are focused on attracting, developing and retaining highly qualified, engaged employees, who have a range of experiences and backgrounds. Our Chief Human Resources Officer is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy and provides periodic updates to our Board of Directors’ Compensation and Talent Committee on our progress toward the achievement of our human capital initiatives. We are currently focused on:

• Building a pipeline of great leaders

• Enabling a high-performance and continuous development culture

• Supporting holistic well-being and celebrating our people

• Providing competitive benefits and compensation

• Engaging and retaining our employees by continuously listening and improving

We believe that these initiatives work together to help our employees grow and thrive, and cultivate a culture where our employees feel like they belong. We are also committed to keeping our employees healthy and safe in the workplace.

At December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,000 people.

Available Information

Our website is www.masco.com. Our periodic reports and all amendments to those reports required to be filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). This Report is being posted on our website concurrently with its filing with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report or any other report filed with the SEC. Our reports filed with the SEC also may be found on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.
