ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

General

As of December 31, 2025, we owned or had a majority ownership interest in community and neighborhood shopping centers and mixed-used properties which are operated as 104 predominantly retail real estate projects comprising approximately 28.8 million commercial square feet. These properties are located primarily in major coastal markets and select underserved markets that we believe have strong economic and demographic fundamentals. No single commercial or residential property accounted for over 10% of our 2025 total revenue. We believe that our properties are adequately covered by commercial general liability, fire, flood, earthquake, terrorism and business interruption insurance provided by reputable companies, with commercially reasonable exclusions, deductibles and limits.

Tenant Diversification

As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 3,700 commercial leases and 2,700 residential leases, with commercial tenants ranging from sole proprietors to major national and international retailers. No one tenant or affiliated group of tenants accounted for more than 2.4% of our annualized base rent as of December 31, 2025. As a result of our tenant diversification, we

believe our exposure to any one bankruptcy filing has not been and will not be significant, however, multiple filings by a number of tenants could have a significant impact.

Geographic Diversification

Our 104 real estate projects are located in 14 states and the District of Columbia. The following table shows the number of projects, the gross leasable area (“GLA”) of commercial space and the percentage of total portfolio gross leasable area of commercial space in each state as of December 31, 2025.

Leases, Lease Terms and Lease Expirations

Our leases are classified as operating leases and typically are structured to require the monthly payment of minimum rents in advance, subject to periodic increases during the term of the lease, percentage rents based on the level of sales achieved by tenants, and reimbursement of a majority of on-site operating expenses and real estate taxes. These features in our leases generally reduce our exposure to higher costs and allow us to participate in improved tenant sales.

Commercial property leases generally range from three to ten years; however, certain leases, primarily with anchor tenants, may be longer. Many of our leases contain tenant options that enable the tenant to extend the term of the lease at expiration at pre-established rental rates that often include fixed rent increases, consumer price index adjustments or other market rate adjustments from the prior base rent. Leases on residential units are generally for a period of one year or less and, in 2025, represented approximately 8.7% of total rental income.

The following table sets forth the schedule of lease expirations for our commercial leases in place as of December 31, 2025 for each of the 10 years beginning with 2026 and after 2035 in the aggregate assuming that none of the tenants exercise future renewal options. Annualized base rents reflect in-place contractual rents as of December 31, 2025.

During 2025, we signed leases for a total of 2,471,000 square feet of retail space including 2,340,000 square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of 15% on a cash basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for 841,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 19% on a cash basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for 1,499,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 12% on a cash basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were $23.18 per square foot, of which, $53.34 per square foot was for new leases and $6.26 per square foot was for renewals in 2025.

During 2024, we signed leases for a total of 2,434,000 square feet of retail space including 2,392,000 square feet of comparable space leases (leases for which there was a prior tenant) at an average rental increase of 11% on a cash basis. New leases for comparable spaces were signed for 979,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 15% on a cash basis. Renewals for comparable spaces were signed for 1,413,000 square feet at an average rental increase of 8% on a cash basis. Tenant improvements and incentives for comparable spaces were $26.03 per square foot, of which, $58.91 per square foot was for new leases and $3.25 per square foot was for renewals in 2024.

The rental increases associated with comparable spaces generally include all leases signed for retail space in arms-length transactions reflecting market leverage between landlords and tenants during the period, excluding leases at properties sold or under contract to be sold. The comparison between the rent for expiring leases and new leases is determined by including contractual rent on the expiring lease, including percentage rent considered to part of base rent, and the comparable annual rent and in some instances, projections of percentage rent, to be paid on the new lease. In atypical circumstances, management may exercise judgment as to how to most effectively reflect the comparability of spaces reported in this calculation. The change in rental income on comparable space leases is impacted by numerous factors including current market rates, location, individual tenant creditworthiness, use of space, market conditions when the expiring lease was signed, capital investment made in the space and the specific lease structure. Tenant improvements and incentives include the total dollars committed for the improvement (fit out) of a space as it relates to a specific lease. Incentives include amounts paid to tenants as an inducement to sign a lease that do not represent building improvements. Costs related to tenant improvements require judgment by management in determining what are costs specific to the tenant and not deferred maintenance on the space.

In the past five years, we have executed comparable space leases for 2.0 to 2.4 million square feet of retail space each year and expect the volume for 2026 will be in line with these historical averages. Although we expect overall positive increases in annual rent for comparable spaces, changes in annual rent for any individual lease or combinations of individual leases reported in any particular period may be positive or negative and we can provide no assurance that the annual rents on comparable space leases will continue to increase at historical levels, if at all. A decline in current economic conditions could adversely impact our volume of leasing activity and the amount of rent we are able to charge to new or renewing tenants.

The leases signed in 2025 generally become effective over the following two years though some may not become effective until 2028 and beyond. Further, there is risk that some new tenants will not ultimately take possession of their space and that tenants for both new and renewal leases may not pay all of their contractual rent due to operating, financing or other matters. However,

our historical increases in rental rates do provide information about the tenant/landlord relationship and the potential increase we may achieve in rental income over time.

Retail and Residential Properties

The following table sets forth information concerning all real estate projects in which we owned an equity interest, had a leasehold interest, or otherwise controlled and are consolidated as of December 31, 2025. Except as otherwise noted, we are the sole owner of our real estate projects. Principal tenants are the largest tenants in the project based on square feet leased or are tenants important to a project’s success due to their ability to attract retail customers.

_____________________

(1) Represents the GLA of the commercial portion of the property. Some of our properties include office space which is included in this square footage.

(2) Average base rent per square foot is calculated as the aggregate, annualized in-place contractual (defined as cash basis excluding rent abatements) minimum rent for all occupied spaces divided by the aggregate GLA of all occupied spaces. Average base rent is for commercial spaces only.

(3) Percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of rentable commercial square feet occupied or subject to a lease. Residential percentage leased is expressed as a percentage of units occupied or subject to a lease.

(4) We own the controlling interest in this property.

(5) We own a noncontrolling interest in this property.

(6) All or a portion of this property is encumbered by a mortgage loan.

(7) All or a portion of this property is owned pursuant to a ground lease.

(8) We own all or a portion of this property in a “downREIT” partnership, of which a wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust is the sole general partner, with third party partners holding operating partnership units.

(9) Aggregate information is calculated on a GLA weighted-average basis, excluding Chandler Festival, Chandler Gateway, and La Alameda, which are all unconsolidated properties at December 31, 2025.

(10) Portion of property is currently under development. See further discussion in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

(11) This property includes interests in four nearby buildings.

(12) This property includes 40 buildings primarily along Washington Street and 14th Street in Hoboken, New Jersey.
