ITEM 5. MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FRT.” Listed below are the high and low sales prices of our common shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange and the dividends declared for each of the periods indicated.

On February 9, 2026, there were 1,780 holders of record of our common shares.

Our ongoing operations generally will not be subject to federal income taxes as long as we maintain our REIT status and distribute to shareholders at least 100% of our taxable income. Under the Code, REITs are subject to numerous organizational and operational requirements, including the requirement to generally distribute at least 90% of taxable income.

Future distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend on our actual net income available for common shareholders, financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and such other factors as the Board of Trustees deems relevant. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders continuously since our founding in 1962 and have increased our regular annual dividend rate for 58 consecutive years.

Our total annual dividends paid per common share for 2025 and 2024 were $4.43 per share and $4.37 per share, respectively. The annual dividend amounts are different from dividends as calculated for federal income tax purposes. Distributions to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for federal income tax purposes generally will be taxable to a shareholder as ordinary dividend income. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as a nontaxable reduction of the shareholder’s basis in such shareholder’s shares, to the extent thereof, and thereafter as taxable capital gain. Distributions that are treated as a reduction of the shareholder’s basis in its shares will have the effect of increasing the amount of gain, or reducing the amount of loss, recognized upon the sale of the shareholder’s shares. No assurances can be given regarding what portion, if any, of distributions in 2026 or subsequent years will constitute a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. During a year in which a REIT earns a net long-term capital gain, the REIT can elect under Section 857(b)(3) of the Code to designate a portion of dividends paid to shareholders as capital gain dividends. If this election is made, then the capital gain dividends are generally taxable to the shareholder as long-term capital gains.

The following table reflects the income tax status of distributions per share paid to common shareholders:

Distributions on our 5.417% Series 1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares were paid at the rate of $1.354 per share per annum commencing on the issuance date of March 8, 2007. Distributions on our 5.0% Series C Cumulative Redeemable

Preferred Shares were paid at the rate of $1.250 per depositary share per annum, commencing on the issuance date of September 29, 2017. We do not believe that the preferential rights available to the holders of interest in our preferred shares or the financial covenants contained in our debt agreements had or will have an adverse effect on our ability to pay dividends in the normal course of business to our common shareholders or to distribute amounts necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT.

Total Stockholder Return Performance

The following performance graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on Federal Realty's common shares with the S&P 500 Index and the index of equity real estate investment trusts prepared by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ("NAREIT") for the five fiscal years commencing December 31, 2020, and ending December 31, 2025, assuming an investment of $100 and the reinvestment of all dividends into additional common shares during the holding period. Equity real estate investment trusts are defined as those that derive more than 75% of their income from equity investments in real estate assets. The FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Total Return Index includes all tax qualified real estate investment trusts listed on the NYSE, NYSE MKT, or the NASDAQ National Market. Stock performance for the past five years is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Shares

Under the terms of various operating partnership agreements of certain of our affiliated limited partnerships, the interest of limited partners in those limited partnerships may be redeemed, subject to certain conditions, for cash or an equivalent number of our common shares, at our option. During the three months ended December 31, 2025, no common shares in connection with the redemption of downREIT operating partnership units were issued. Any equity securities sold by us during 2025 that were not registered have been previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

In April 2025, our Board of Trustees approved a new common share repurchase program, under which we may purchase up to $300.0 million of our outstanding common shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share from time to time using a variety of methods, including open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The specific timing and amount of common share repurchases, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including prevailing share prices, trading volume and

general market conditions, along with our working capital requirements, cash flow, and other factors. The program does not require us to repurchase any dollar amount or number of common shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2025, no common shares have been repurchased through the program.

During 2025, 5,489 restricted common shares were forfeited by former employees.

From time to time, we could be deemed to have repurchased shares as a result of shares withheld for tax purposes upon a stock compensation related vesting event.

ITEM 6. RESERVED

None.
