ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity (Continued)

Cybersecurity Governance and Oversight

Cybersecurity risk identification, assessment, and management are integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program. As part of its enterprise risk management efforts, the Board meets with senior management, including the executive leadership team, to assess and respond to critical business risks. These critical enterprise risks are assessed by senior management annually and discussed with the Board. Then each of the top risks are validated, prioritized, and assigned risk owners who are responsible to oversee risk assessment, develop and implement mitigation plans, and provide regular updates to the Board (and/or Board committee assigned to the risk). In this way, critical business risks, including cybersecurity risk, benefit from both top-down and bottom-up risk management efforts that we believe are reasonably designed to escalate key risk and control issues to senior management and the Board.

As a result of this enterprise risk management process, cybersecurity threats have been and continue to be identified as one of the Company’s critical business risks, with our Chief Enterprise Technology Officer and Chief Information Security Officer assigned as the executive risk owners. The Chief Enterprise Technology Officer and Chief Information Security Officer monitor the prevention, mitigation, detection, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through their management of, and participation in, the cybersecurity risk management and strategy processes described above, including through the operation of the Company’s global cybersecurity incident response plans, which include provisions for escalation to the Chief Policy Officer and General Counsel, as well as the Board and its committees, as appropriate. As discussed below, the executive risk owners for cybersecurity risk report out to the Audit Committee and, in some cases, the Board, on a regular basis as part of our enterprise risk management process.

The Board has delegated primary responsibility for the oversight of cybersecurity and information technology risks, and the Company’s preparedness for these risks, to the Audit Committee. As part of its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee receives regular updates on our cybersecurity practices as well as cybersecurity and information technology risks from our Chief Information Security Officer. These updates include topics related to cybersecurity practices, cyber risks, and risk management processes, such as updates to our cybersecurity programs and mitigation strategies, and other cybersecurity developments. In addition to these regular updates, as part of our incident response processes, the Chief Enterprise Technology Officer, in collaboration with the Chief Information Security Officer and Chief Policy Officer and General Counsel, provides updates on certain cybersecurity incidents to the Audit Committee and, in some cases, the Board. The Audit Committee reviews and provides input into and oversight of our cybersecurity processes, and in the event Ford determines it has experienced a material cybersecurity incident, the Audit Committee is notified about the incident in advance of filing a Current Report on Form 8-K.

In 2025, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For a discussion of whether and how cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions to our operational information systems, security systems, vehicles, and services could reasonably be expected to affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, see our risk factors above in Item 1A. generally and, in particular, “ Operational information systems, security systems, products, and services could be affected by cybersecurity incidents, ransomware attacks, and other disruptions and impact Ford, Ford Credit, their suppliers, and dealers ” on page 23.
