Item 3. Legal Proceedings (Continued)

Most of the asbestos litigation we face involves individuals who claim to have worked on the brakes of our vehicles. We are prepared to defend these cases and believe that the scientific evidence confirms our long-standing position that there is no increased risk of asbestos-related disease as a result of exposure to the type of asbestos formerly used in the brakes on our vehicles. The extent of our financial exposure to asbestos litigation remains very difficult to estimate and could include both compensatory and punitive damage awards. The majority of our asbestos cases do not specify a dollar amount for damages; in many of the other cases the dollar amount specified is the jurisdictional minimum, and the vast majority of these cases involve multiple defendants. Some of these cases may also involve multiple plaintiffs, and we may be unable to tell from the pleadings which plaintiffs are making claims against us (as opposed to other defendants). Annual payout and defense costs may become significant in the future. Our accrual for asbestos matters includes probable losses for both asserted and unasserted claims.

CONSUMER MATTERS

We provide warranties on the vehicles we sell. Warranties are offered for specific periods of time and/or mileage and vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale. Pursuant to these warranties, we will repair, replace, or adjust parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship during the specified warranty period. Software updates are increasingly a component of vehicle service and may be performed during warranty coverage repairs, through field service actions, or through over-the-air updates. We are a defendant in numerous actions in state and federal courts alleging breach of warranty and claiming damages based on state and federal consumer protection laws. Remedies under these statutes may include vehicle repurchase, civil penalties, and payment by Ford of the plaintiff’s attorneys’ fees. In some cases, plaintiffs also include an allegation of fraud. Remedies for a fraud claim may include contract rescission, vehicle repurchase, and punitive damages. Annual payout and defense costs may become significant in the future.

The cost of these litigation matters is included in our warranty costs. We accrue obligations for warranty costs at the time of sale using a patterned estimation model that includes historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. We reevaluate the adequacy of our accruals on a regular basis.

We are currently a defendant in a significant number of litigation matters relating to the performance of vehicles, including those equipped with DPS6 transmissions.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

We have received notices under various federal and state environmental laws that we (along with others) are or may be a potentially responsible party for the costs associated with remediating numerous hazardous substance storage, recycling, or disposal sites in many states and, in some instances, for natural resource damages. We also may have been a generator of hazardous substances at a number of other sites. The amount of any such costs or damages for which we may be held responsible could be significant. Any legal proceeding arising under any federal, state, or local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or primarily for the purpose of protecting the environment, in which (i) a governmental authority is a party, and (ii) we believe there is the possibility of monetary sanctions (exclusive of interest and costs) in excess of $1,000,000 is described herein.

On June 16, 2022, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (“NJDEP”) filed a complaint in the Superior Court of New Jersey (Bergen County) seeking natural resource damages and other claims related to the Ringwood Mines/Landfill Site located in Ringwood, New Jersey. On February 21, 2023, the court denied our motion to dismiss. We continue to defend against the NJDEP’s allegations.

CLASS ACTIONS

In light of the fact that few of the purported class actions filed against us in the past have been certified by the courts as class actions, in general we list those actions that (i) have been certified as a class action by a court of competent jurisdiction (and any additional purported class actions that raise allegations substantially similar to an existing and certified class), and (ii) have more than a remote risk of loss, and such loss would likely be significant if the action is resolved unfavorably to us. At this time, we have no such class actions filed against us.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings (Continued)

OTHER MATTERS

Brazilian Tax Matters. One Brazilian state (São Paulo) and the Brazilian federal tax authority currently have outstanding substantial tax assessments against Ford Motor Company Brasil Ltda. (“Ford Brazil”) related to state and federal tax incentives Ford Brazil received for its operations in the Brazilian state of Bahia. The São Paulo assessment is part of a broader conflict among various states in Brazil. The federal legislature enacted laws designed to encourage the states to end that conflict, and in 2017 the states reached an agreement on a framework for resolution. Ford Brazil continues to pursue a resolution under the framework and expects the amount of any remaining assessments by the states to be resolved under that framework. The federal assessments are outside the scope of the legislation.

All of the outstanding assessments have been appealed to the relevant administrative court of each jurisdiction and some appeals are now pending in the judicial court system. To proceed with an appeal within the judicial court system, an appellant may be required to post collateral. If we are required to post collateral, which could be in excess of $1 billion for all the cases in the aggregate, we expect it to be in the form of fixed assets, surety bonds, and/or letters of credit, but we may be required to post cash collateral. To date, we have received collateral waivers for most of the cases that have been appealed to the judicial court system, although we have been required to post less than $100 million of collateral. Although the ultimate resolution of these matters may take many years, we consider our overall risk of loss to be remote.

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

ITEM 4A. Information About Our Executive Officers.

__________

(a) Also a Director, Chair of the Office of the Chair and Chief Executive, Chair of the Finance Committee, and a member of the Sustainability, Innovation and Policy Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Ford’s daughter, Alexandra Ford English, is a member of the Board of Directors.

(b) Also a Director and member of the Office of the Chair and Chief Executive.

Except as noted below, each of the officers listed above has been employed by Ford or its subsidiaries in one or more capacities during the past five years.

Prior to joining Ford:

• Sherry House was Vice President, Finance at Ford from June 2024 to January 2025. She was Chief Financial Officer of Lucid Motors from 2021 to 2023. She was Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations at Waymo from 2020 to 2021 and Director of Corporate Development from 2019 to 2020.

• Michael Amend was President, Online, at Lowe’s from 2018 to 2021. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Amend served as Executive Vice President, Omnichannel, at JCPenney.

• Michael Aragon was CEO, MIRROR and EVP lululemonDigital Fitness at lulumelon athletica inc. from 2022 to 2023. He continued serving in an advisory role during 2024 following an acquisition of the lululemonDigital Fitness platform by Peloton Interactive, Inc. From 2017 to 2022, Mr. Aragon was Chief Content Officer at Twitch Interactive, Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc.

• Alicia Boler Davis was the Chief Executive Officer of Alto Pharmacy, LLC from 2022 to August 2025. She worked at Amazon.com as Senior Vice President, Global Customer Fulfillment from 2021 to 2022, Senior Team Member from 2020 to 2022, and Vice President, Global Customer Fulfillment from 2019 to 2021.

• Steven Croley was a partner in the Washington, D.C., office of Latham & Watkins from 2017 to 2021. From 2014 to 2017, Mr. Croley served as General Counsel for the U.S. Department of Energy.

• J. Doug Field was Vice President, Special Projects Group, at Apple from 2018 to 2021. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. Field served as Tesla’s Senior Vice President of Engineering.

• Jennifer Waldo was Vice President, People Business Partners at Apple from 2019 to 2022. From 2015 to 2019, Ms. Waldo was Chief Human Resources Officer at GE Digital.

ITEM 4A. Information About Our Executive Officers (Continued)

• Shengpo “Sam” Wu was Executive Vice President and President, Whirlpool Asia from 2019 until he retired from that position in 2022. He served in an advisory role and as the Vice-Chairman of Whirlpool China Co., Ltd. from 2022 to 2023. Mr. Wu joined Whirlpool Corporation in 2017 as President, Whirlpool Asia and a member of the company’s Executive Committee.

• Kyle Crockett was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Carrier Global Corporation from January 2020 to May 2025.

Under our by-laws, executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors at an annual meeting of the Board held for this purpose or by a resolution to fill a vacancy. Each officer is elected to hold office until a successor is chosen or as otherwise provided in the by-laws.

PART II.
