Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Fair value reflects the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants. The most appropriate method to determine the estimated fair value of an asset group depends on the facts and circumstances pertaining to the asset group being measured, and in certain instances, we may engage third parties to assist with the determination of fair value. We measure the fair value of an asset group based on market prices (i.e., the amount for which the asset could be sold to a third party) when available. When market prices are not available, we estimate the fair value of an asset group using the income approach, a market approach and/or a cost approach. The income approach uses cash flow projections. Inherent in our development of cash flow projections are assumptions and estimates derived from a review of our operating results, business plan forecasts, expected growth rates, and cost of capital, similar to those a market participant would use to assess fair value. We also make certain assumptions about future economic conditions and other data. Many of the factors used in assessing fair value are outside the control of management, and these assumptions and estimates may change in future periods.

Changes in assumptions or estimates can materially affect the fair value of an asset group, and, therefore, can affect test results. The following are key assumptions we use in making cash flow projections:

• Business projections. We make assumptions about the demand for our products in the marketplace. These

assumptions drive our planning assumptions for volume, mix, and pricing. We also make assumptions about our cost levels (e.g., capacity utilization, cost performance). These projections are derived using our internal business plan forecasts that are updated at least annually and reviewed by our Board of Directors.

• Long-term growth rate. A growth rate is used to calculate the terminal value of the business and is added to the present value of the debt-free cash flows. The growth rate is the expected rate at which an asset group’s earnings stream is projected to grow beyond the planning period.

• Discount rate. When measuring possible impairment, future cash flows are discounted at a rate that is consistent with a weighted-average cost of capital that we anticipate a potential market participant would use. Weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall risk-adjusted pre-tax rate of return expected by equity and debt holders of a business enterprise.

• Economic projections. Assumptions regarding general economic conditions are included in and affect our assumptions regarding industry sales and pricing estimates for our vehicles. These macroeconomic assumptions include, but are not limited to, industry sales volumes, inflation, interest rates, prices of raw materials (e.g., commodities), and foreign currency exchange rates.

The market approach is another method for measuring the fair value of an asset group. This approach relies on the market value (i.e., market capitalization) of companies that are engaged in the same or a similar line of business as the asset group being evaluated. It may also use prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets, liabilities, or a group of assets and liabilities, such as a business. The cost approach may also be used to measure the fair value of an asset group. The cost approach reflects the amount that would be required currently to replace the service capacity of an asset (often referred to as current replacement cost). The cost approach must also consider assumptions related to functional and economic obsolescence and marketability of the assets, and also considers factors such as replacement cost, reproduction cost, physical deterioration, age, and remaining useful life. In addition, to the extent available, we may also consider third-party valuations that have been prepared for other business purposes.

Model e Impairment. Despite challenges in the EV market, through the third quarter of 2025, Model e continued to make progress in the following areas, leading the company to conclude that an impairment trigger had not occurred:

• U.S. and EU EV sales were projected to continue to grow over the long term

• The Company continued to invest in next generation products

• Prior business plans indicated significant cash flow improvement by 2028

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

However, during the fourth quarter of 2025, we determined that a triggering event requiring us to test Model e long-lived assets and goodwill for impairment occurred based on the convergence of several events, including:

• Lower-than-anticipated industrywide EV adoption rates due to changes in consumer sentiment, competitive dynamics, legal and policy changes, and, in the last several months, significant developments in vehicle pricing dynamics

• The negative effect on EV adoption rates due to the termination of U.S. tax credits intended to incentivize the purchase of EVs

• Potentially significant relaxations in the stringency of federal emissions and fuel economy standards and federal legislation that eliminates the authority of California and other states to implement and enforce their more stringent emissions standards and zero-emission vehicle sales requirements that may further disrupt the market for EVs in the United States

• Our decision in December to rationalize our EV manufacturing capacity and product roadmap, including cancelling three previously planned EV product programs (a full-size pickup, a commercial van for the United States, and a commercial van for Europe) and ending production of the current generation F-150 Lightning EV

The challenges facing the EV market led us to conclude that a path to long-term profitability for our EV business was not possible without taking the strategic actions described above. As a result, we performed a recoverability test of the Model e asset group and concluded that its carrying value exceeded its fair value. We primarily used the market and cost approaches to estimate fair value for our long-lived assets, and we used the income approach to test goodwill. We subsequently recorded an impairment charge, including goodwill, of $8.4 billion during the fourth quarter.

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses represents Ford Credit’s estimate of the expected lifetime credit losses inherent in finance receivables as of the balance sheet date. The adequacy of Ford Credit’s allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly, and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. Because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. Changes in assumptions affect Ford Credit interest, operating, and other expenses on our consolidated income statements and the allowance for credit losses contained within Ford Credit finance receivables, net on our consolidated balance sheets. See Note 10 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.

Nature of Estimates Required. Ford Credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for receivables that share similar risk characteristics based on a collective assessment using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. The models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses, recent portfolio performance, and forward-looking macroeconomic conditions. The models vary by portfolio and receivable type including consumer finance receivables, wholesale loans, and dealer loans. If Ford Credit does not believe the models reflect lifetime expected credit losses for the portfolio, an adjustment is made to reflect management judgment regarding qualitative factors, including economic uncertainty, observable changes in portfolio performance, and other relevant factors.

Assumptions Used. Ford Credit’s allowance for credit losses is based on its assumptions regarding:

• Probability of default . The expected probability of payment and time to default, which include assumptions about macroeconomic factors and recent performance.

• Loss given default. The percentage of the expected balance due at default that is not recoverable. The loss given default takes into account expected collateral value and future recoveries.

Macroeconomic factors used in Ford Credit’s models are country specific and include variables such as unemployment rates, personal bankruptcy filings, housing prices, and gross domestic product.

Accumulated Depreciation on Vehicles Subject to Operating Leases

Accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in Ford Credit’s operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.

Ford Credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. If Ford Credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect Ford Credit’s revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. Adjustments to depreciation expense result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.

Generally, lease customers have the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Nature of Estimates Required. Each operating lease in Ford Credit’s portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. At the time Ford Credit purchases a lease from a dealer, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. Ford Credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for Ford Credit’s leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data and benchmarks to third-party data depending on availability. Similar factors are considered in the third-party data Ford Credit uses to revise its estimate of the expected residual value during the lease term.

Assumptions Used. Ford Credit’s accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:

• Auction value. Ford Credit’s projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and

• Return volume. Ford Credit’s projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.

See Note 12 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.

Adjustments to the amount of accumulated supplemental depreciation on operating leases are reflected on our balance sheets as Net investment in operating leases and on our income statements in Ford Credit interest, operating, and other expenses.

ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED

For a discussion of recent accounting standards, see Note 3 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

OVERVIEW

We are exposed to a variety of market and other risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates, as well as risks to availability of funding sources, hazard events, and specific asset risks.

We monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which includes regular reports to a central management committee, the Global Risk Management Committee (“GRMC”). The GRMC is chaired by our Chief Financial Officer, and the committee includes our Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer.

We are exposed to liquidity risk, including the possibility of having to curtail business or being unable to meet financial obligations as they come due because funding sources may be reduced or become unavailable. Our plan is to maintain funding sources to ensure liquidity through a variety of economic or business cycles. As discussed in greater detail in Item 7, our funding sources include unsecured debt issuances, sales of receivables in securitization transactions and other structured financings, equity and equity-linked issuances, and bank borrowings.

We are exposed to a variety of other risks, such as loss or damage to property, liability claims, and employee injury. We protect against these risks through the purchase of commercial insurance that is designed to protect us above our self-insured retention limits against events that could generate significant losses.

Direct responsibility for the execution of our market risk management strategies resides with our Treasurer’s Office and is governed by written policies and procedures. Separation of duties is maintained between the development and authorization of derivative trades, the transaction of derivatives, and the settlement of cash flows. Regular audits are conducted to ensure that appropriate controls are in place and that they remain effective. In addition, our market risk exposures and our use of derivatives to manage these exposures are approved by the GRMC and reviewed by the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.

In accordance with our corporate risk management policies, we use derivative instruments, when available, such as forward contracts, swaps, and options that economically hedge certain exposures (foreign currency, commodity, and interest rates). We do not use derivative contracts for trading, market-making, or speculative purposes. In certain instances, we forgo hedge accounting, and in certain other instances, our derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. Either situation results in unrealized gains and losses that are recognized in income. For additional information on our derivatives, see Note 19 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

The market and counterparty risks of the Company excluding Ford Credit as well as our Ford Credit segment are discussed and quantified below.

COMPANY EXCLUDING FORD CREDIT MARKET RISK

We frequently have expenditures and receipts denominated in foreign currencies, including the following: purchases and sales of finished vehicles and production parts, debt and other payables, subsidiary dividends, and investments in foreign operations. These expenditures and receipts create exposures to changes in exchange rates. We also are exposed to changes in prices of commodities used in the manufacture of our products and changes in interest rates.

Foreign currency risk, commodity risk, and interest rate risk are measured and quantified using a model to evaluate the sensitivity of market value to instantaneous, parallel shifts in rates and/or prices.

Foreign Currency Risk. Foreign currency risk is the possibility that our financial results could be worse than planned because of changes in currency exchange rates. Accordingly, our practice is to use derivative instruments to hedge our economic exposure with respect to forecasted revenues and costs, assets, liabilities, and firm commitments denominated in certain foreign currencies consistent with our overall risk management strategy. In our hedging actions, we use derivative instruments commonly used by corporations to reduce foreign exchange risk (e.g., forward contracts). The extent to which we hedge is also impacted by materiality of the risk in the context of our overall portfolio, market liquidity, and/or our ability to achieve designated hedge accounting.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Continued)

The net fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts (including adjustments for credit risk) as of December 31, 2025 was an asset of $1 million, compared with an asset of $410 million as of December 31, 2024. The potential change in the fair value from a 10% change in the underlying exchange rates, in U.S. dollar terms, would have been $3.0 billion at December 31, 2025, compared with $2.9 billion at December 31, 2024. The sensitivity analysis presented is hypothetical and assumes foreign exchange rate changes are instantaneous and adverse across all currencies. In reality, some of our exposures offset and foreign exchange rates move in different magnitudes and at different times, and any changes in fair value would generally be offset by changes in the underlying exposure. See Note 19 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for more information regarding our foreign currency exchange contracts.

Commodity Price Risk. Commodity price risk is the possibility that our financial results could be worse than planned because of changes in the prices of commodities used in the manufacture of our products, such as base metals (e.g., steel, copper, and aluminum), precious metals (e.g., palladium), energy (e.g., natural gas and electricity), plastics/resins (e.g., polypropylene), and battery raw materials (e.g., lithium, cobalt, and nickel).

Our practice is to use derivative instruments to hedge the price risk with respect to forecasted purchases of certain commodities consistent with our overall risk management strategy. In our hedging actions, we use derivative instruments commonly used by corporations to reduce commodity price risk (e.g., financially settled forward contracts). The extent to which we hedge is also impacted by materiality of the risk in the context of our overall portfolio, market liquidity, and/or our ability to achieve designated hedge accounting.

The net fair value of commodity forward contracts (including adjustments for credit risk) as of December 31, 2025 was an asset of $177 million, compared with a liability of $8 million as of December 31, 2024. The potential change in the fair value from a 10% change in the underlying commodity prices would have been $192 million at December 31, 2025, compared with $189 million at December 31, 2024. The sensitivity analysis presented is hypothetical and assumes commodity price changes are instantaneous and adverse across all commodities. In reality, commodity prices move in different magnitudes and at different times, and any changes in fair value would generally be offset by changes in the underlying exposure.

In addition, our purchasing organization (with guidance from the GRMC, as appropriate) negotiates contracts for the continuous supply of raw materials. In some cases, these contracts stipulate minimum purchase amounts and specific prices, and, therefore, play a role in managing commodity price risk.

Interest Rate Risk. Interest rate risk relates to the loss we could incur in our Company cash investment portfolios due to a change in interest rates. Our interest rate sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolios includes cash and cash equivalents and net marketable securities. At December 31, 2025, we had Company cash of $28.7 billion in our investment portfolios, compared to $28.5 billion at December 31, 2024. We invest the portfolios in securities of various types and maturities, the value of which are subject to fluctuations in interest rates. The investment strategy is based on clearly defined risk and liquidity guidelines to maintain liquidity, minimize risk, and earn a reasonable return on the short-term investments. In investing the cash in our investment portfolios, safety of principal is the primary objective and risk-adjusted return is the secondary objective.

At any time, a rise in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our portfolios. Assuming a hypothetical increase in interest rates of one percentage point, the fair value of our portfolios would be reduced by $231 million, as calculated as of December 31, 2025. This compares to $233 million, as calculated as of December 31, 2024. While these are our best estimates of the impact of the specified interest rate scenario, actual results could differ from this projection. The sensitivity analysis presented assumes interest rate changes are instantaneous, parallel shifts in the yield curve. In reality, interest rate changes of this magnitude are rarely instantaneous or parallel.
